australia 's current account deficit shrunk by a record #.## billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion us -rrb- in the june quarter due to soaring commodity prices , figures released monday showed .
at least two people were killed in a suspected bomb attack on a passenger bus in the strife-torn southern philippines on monday , the military said .
australian shares closed down #.# percent monday following a weak lead from the united states and lower commodity prices , dealers said .
south korea 's nuclear envoy kim sook urged north korea monday to restart work to disable its nuclear plants and stop its `` typical '' brinkmanship in negotiations .
south korea on monday announced sweeping tax reforms , including income and corporate tax cuts to boost growth by stimulating sluggish private consumption and business investment .
taiwan share prices closed down #.## percent monday on wall street weakness and lacklustre interim earnings from electronics manufacturing giant hon hai , dealers said .
australian shares closed down #.# percent monday following a weak lead from the united states and lower commodity prices , dealers said .
spanish property group colonial , struggling under huge debts , announced losses of #.## billion euros for the first half of #### which it blamed on asset depreciation .
libyan leader moamer kadhafi monday promised wide political and economic reforms that he said would see ministries dismantled and oil revenues going directly into the pockets of the people .
the united nations ' humanitarian chief john holmes arrived in ethiopia monday to tour regions affected by drought , which has left some eight million people in need of urgent food aid .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher monday in subdued trading ahead of a us holiday , dealers said .
beijing is enjoying its best air quality in a decade thanks to steps taken for the olympics , authorities said monday , amid a push by some locals for the anti- pollution measures to be made permanent .
south korean shares closed #.# percent lower monday following steep losses on wall street and the won 's continued decline against the dollar , analysts said .
south korea 's state-run korea development bank refused comment monday on a british newspaper report that it is still seeking a stake in troubled us investment bank lehman brothers .
taiwan shares closed down #.## percent monday on wall street weakness and lacklustre interim earnings from electronics manufacturing giant hon hai , dealers said .
south korea 's inflation rate slowed slightly in august as oil and commodity prices showed signs of stabilising , the national statistical office said monday .
south korea 's new parliament began its first regular session monday after months of delays , with the conservative party eager to push through a pro-business agenda after a decade of rule by liberal presidents .
an american man has been arrested and charged in cambodia with committing indecent acts against a ##-year-old child prostitute on a dark street , police and court officials said monday .
philippine share prices closed little changed monday as investors awaited the impact on oil prices from hurricane gustav as it slammed into the us gulf coast , dealers said .
hong kong share prices ended monday morning #.# percent down , tracking wall street weakness friday , dealers said .
the algerian cabinet chaired by president abdelaziz bouteflika on sunday adopted the #### finance bill predicated on an oil price of ## dollars a barrel and a growth rate of #.# percent , it was announced here .
philippine share prices closed little changed monday as investors awaited the impact on oil prices from hurricane gustav as it slammed into the us gulf coast , dealers said .
two policemen were killed and one was wounded in an attack on a police station early monday in russia 's caucasian republic of ingushetia bordering on chechnya , interfax news agency reported .
south korean shares fell sharply late monday morning following wall street 's steep friday losses and the won 's continued decline against the dollar , analysts said .
philippine troops on monday pursued limited operations against muslim rebel leaders accused of murder but said they were not hunting all the insurgents as the large islamic minority observed the holy month of ramadan .
hong kong share prices were down #.# percent on monday , tracking wall street 's fall on friday , dealers said .
chinese share prices opened down #.## percent monday , as investors took profit after last week 's gains on the market , dealers said .
a moderate earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale rattled the central north island of new zealand monday but there were no early reports of casualties or significant damage , scientists said .
world oil prices rose by less than one dollar in asian trade on monday after hurricane gustav forced the shutdown of almost all oil production in the gulf of mexico , analysts said .
hundreds of australian holidaymakers stranded on the thai resort island of phuket are expected to head home monday after budget airline jetstar said it would send a chartered plane to collect them .
south korea 's trade deficit swelled to #.## billion dollars in august due mainly due to high oil and raw material prices , the government said monday .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
european union leaders will put the bloc 's relations with moscow under scrutiny at an emergency summit on monday , although sanctions against russia are not in the cards .
mauritania 's junta in power since an august # coup d'etat announced early monday the `` formation of a government , '' state television reported .
malaysia 's financial markets are closed on monday for a public holiday .
pakistan army chief general ashfaq kayani late wednesday strongly criticised cross-border raids by us-led coalition forces and said the country would defend its sovereignty `` at all cost '' .
energy firm eon uk , which is owned by german power giant eon , apologised on wednesday after one of its senior executives joked that a harsh winter would mean `` more money for us '' .
us roman catholic bishops on wednesday charged that immigration raids on us workplaces break up families and disrupt communities , without addressing the country 's flawed immigration system .
western countries will turn a blind eye to fraud in next month 's legislative election and recognize a win for the outgoing authoritarian regime , a major opposition party leader said wednesday .
a pollster whose mathematical model has correctly predicted every winner of the white house popular vote since #### is banking on a decisive victory for democrat barack obama in november .
the white house race plumbed new depths wednesday as barack obama accused john mccain of stooping to `` lies and phony outrage '' in response to the democrat 's mocking talk of `` lipstick on a pig .
the united states and china hold high-level trade talks in california next week amid tensions over the asian power 's massive export surplus and concerns about a slowing global economy .
president evo morales of bolivia on wednesday ordered the us ambassador expelled , accusing him of contributing to divisions in the country which the government warned was headed towards `` civil war .
the euro fell below #.## dollars for the first time in almost a year wednesday as investors sought a safer haven from recession fears in the eurozone and oil prices fell on demand worries .
britain 's prince charles called on the world wednesday to act with a `` sense of wartime urgency '' to protect the rainforests , warning they were `` <unk> connected '' to the phenomenon of climate change .
facebook 's new look became mandatory wednesday in a shift to what the popular social networking website says is a faster , streamlined and more <unk> format that has some devotees in a state of rebellion .
the us state department said wednesday it had received no formal word from bolivia that it was expelling the us ambassador there but rejected the charges against him as `` baseless .
the us state department said wednesday it had received no formal word from bolivia that it was expelling the us ambassador there but said the charges made against him are `` baseless .
bolivian president evo morales on wednesday declared the us ambassador to la paz `` persona non grata , '' accusing the envoy of encouraging the breakup of the country by promoting separatism .
texas authorities ordered coastal evacuations wednesday as deadly hurricane ike strengthened to a category two storm in the gulf of mexico and headed toward the southern us coast after ravaging cuba and the caribbean .
faced with a rapidly slowing economy , new zealand 's central bank cut the official interest rate by half a percentage point on thursday , double the reduction forecast by analysts .
tuareg rebel chief ibrahim ag bahanga has released the last ## hostages held by his renegade group in the north of mali , the government has said , in an important step forward towards peace .
bolivian president evo morales on wednesday declared the us ambassador to la paz `` persona non grata , '' accusing the envoy of encouraging the breakup of the country by promoting separatism .
pakistan army chief general ashfaq kayani wednesday strongly criticised cross - border raids by us-led coalition forces and said the country would defend its sovereignty `` at all cost '' .
the white house race plumbed new depths wednesday as barack obama accused john mccain of stooping to `` lies and phony outrage '' in response to the democrat 's mocking talk of `` lipstick on a pig .
the organization for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- , a european security body , urged wednesday its ## member states to intensify efforts to crack down on human trafficking .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov arrived wednesday in the polish capital warsaw for his first visit to an eu member state since the georgia conflict erupted just over a month ago .
pakistan army chief general ashfaq kayani wednesday strongly criticised cross - border raids by us-led coalition forces and said the country would defend its sovereignty `` at all cost '' .
the euro , weakened by prospects of recession in the eurozone , fell below #.## dollars for the first time in a year wednesday .
negotiations on power-sharing in zimbabwe ended wednesday without a deal , but both president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai hinted that agreement is very close .
new york mayor michael bloomberg on wednesday lambasted delays in rebuilding at the site of the #\/## terrorist attacks against the world trade center .
ailing investment bank lehman brothers announced plans wednesday to sell off key assets to shore up its finances as it posted more hefty losses linked to the us subprime real estate crisis .
a powerful earthquake jolted southern iran on wednesday , killing six people , and damaging scores of homes on a resort island in strategic gulf waters .
us stocks wobbled higher wednesday as investors mulled troubled investment giant lehman brothers 's news of hefty losses and plans to sell assets to shore up its finances .
seven men suspected of plotting to blow up airliners over the atlantic ocean in #### face a retrial , prosecutors said wednesday , after a jury in london failed to reach verdicts .
georgia said one of its policemen was shot dead from a russian position wednesday in violation of a fragile truce , as a major crack appeared in the eu - brokered ceasefire over the remit of eu observers .
british prime minister gordon brown denied wednesday favoring either barack obama or john mccain in the us presidential race , despite writing an article in which he appeared to back the democrats .
kenyan police have a mounted a ##-hour patrol in a village where us presidential candidate barack obama 's grandmother lives after robbers made a botched attempt to rob her solar panel , an official said .
france , which holds the european union presidency , called wednesday for a joint european approach to resolving the challenges in the arctic , a region on the front lines of global warming .
us stocks wobbled higher wednesday as investors mulled troubled investment giant lehman brothers 's news of hefty losses and plans to sell assets to shore up its finances .
negotiations on power-sharing in zimbabwe ended wednesday without a deal , but both president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai hinted that agreement is very close .
in villages in western georgia , russian soldiers are packing up to leave , rolling up barbed wire and removing equipment , but the process is anything but fast , residents said wednesday .
faith is no foil against market forces -- not even if you 're flogging the word of god , as the biggest printer of bibles in the world is finding out .
a dispute between rival english and domestic mining giants over rights to lucrative iron-ore deposits has forced armed police to intervene in sierra leone , officials said wednesday .
the second day of negotiations on power-sharing in zimbabwe ended wednesday without a deal , but president robert mugabe said participants will `` hopefully '' reach an accord thursday .
jean sarkozy , youngest son of french president nicolas sarkozy , exchanged wedding vows wednesday with an heir to a french retailing fortune in his father 's political fiefdom , west of paris .
turkish president abdullah gul and his azerbaijani counterpart ilham aliyev on wednesday stressed `` friendly relations '' following gul 's visit to azerbaijan 's arch-enemy armenia last week .
an israeli military helicopter with a two-man crew crashed near the northern town of afula and burst into flames on wednesday , army radio said .
russia 's envoy to nato urged nations in the military alliance on wednesday to cancel a visit to georgia by their ambassadors planned for next week .
president george w. bush declared an emergency in texas and state authorities began ordering evacuations as deadly hurricane ike , which strengthened wednesday to a powerful category two storm , churned in the gulf of mexico toward the us state .
the machinists union strike against boeing entered a fifth day wednesday with no sign of a resumption of contract talks on the horizon , both sides said .
hurricane ike strengthened to a powerful category two storm wednesday as it churned through the gulf of mexico toward the us state of texas , officials at the miami-based national hurricane center said .
drug trafficking on the web has soared as internet use has become commonplace , presenting far more challenges and dangers than traditional trafficking , experts warned at a conference in stockholm that wrapped up wednesday .
israeli troops opened fire and killed a palestinian during a raid in the northern west bank city of nablus on wednesday , security officials said .
a powerful earthquake jolted southern iran on wednesday , killing five people , and damaging scores of homes on a resort island in strategic gulf waters .
the pentagon canceled a ## billion-dollar competition for a new aerial refueling tanker wednesday , leaving the politically charged decision for one of its biggest military contracts to a new administration .
a spanish judicial watchdog on wednesday fined a judge #,### euros -lrb- #,### dollars -rrb- for allowing a convicted paedophile to remain free before he killed a young girl .
israel has recently foiled at least two attacks against its citizens abroad with the help of foreign security services , defense minister ehud barak said on wednesday .
a court sentenced an egyptian newspaper editor to one year in jail on wednesday for having published his paper without a permit from the press council , the state-run mena news agency reported .
mozambique 's ruling frelimo party will begin five-day talks to choose its candidate for #### presidential elections on thursday , a party official said .
a planned texas execution was put on hold wednesday but not because the judge and prosecutor in the convicted killer 's trial were in a sexual relationship at the time , authorities said .
south africa has won its bid to host the miss world beauty pageant after the contest was moved from ukraine over safety concerns in neighbouring georgia , an official said wednesday .
the euro , weakened by prospects of recession in the eurozone , fell to an ##-month low of #.#### dollars in volatile trade wednesday , its lowest reading since october # , #### .
a powerful earthquake jolted southern iran on wednesday , killing five people , and damaging scores of homes on a resort island in strategic gulf waters .
a planned texas execution was put on hold wednesday but not because the judge and prosecutor in the convicted killer 's trial were in a sexual relationship at the time , authorities said .
yemen has stepped up measures to combat piracy off its coast , deploying troops in the gulf of aden and planning three centres to fight somali pirates , official sources said on wednesday .
russia on wednesday denied claims before the un 's highest court that it exercised effective control over the georgian rebel regions of south ossetia and abkhazia .
a southern african security summit due to begin wednesday was deferred by a day amid speculation that zimbabwe 's political rivals could finally ink a long awaited power-sharing deal .
un prosecutor serge brammertz expressed `` careful optimism '' here wednesday about belgrade 's efforts to arrest bosnian serb war crimes fugitive ratko mladic on a visit crucial for serbia 's eu aspirations .
the bulk of canada 's troops in afghanistan will not remain there past a #### pullout date set earlier this year , prime minister stephen harper said wednesday .
european stocks closed lower wednesday as sentiment turned increasingly cautious on the outlook for the economy and the banks after monday 's euphoric response to a us government bailout of two key us mortgage finance firms .
an israeli military helicopter with a two-man crew crashed near the northern town of afula and burst into flames on wednesday , army radio said .
manet 's `` olympia , '' titian 's `` venus delighting herself with love and music '' and goya 's `` la maja <unk> '' are to hang with other illustrious nudes alongside picasso 's very own in an unprecedented exhibition next month on `` painting learning from painting .
british prime minister gordon brown denied wednesday favoring either barack obama or john mccain in the us presidential race , despite writing an article in which he appeared to back the democrats .
britain pledged ## million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars , ## million euros -rrb- wednesday to help bangladesh fight the effects of climate change , as the low - lying south asian nation made a plea for billions of dollars in aid .
the white house disagreed wednesday with opec 's plans to cut oil output by half a million barrels a day , saying `` we would like to see more oil on the market , not less .
a front group for al-qaeda in iraq hit out at the country 's largest sunni arab parliamentary faction on wednesday over a government offensive against jihadists north of baghdad .
russian president dmitry medvedev moved to calm investors wednesday as the benchmark rts stock market index fell #.# percent wednesday , capping a ##-percent fall since the start of the year .
us roman catholic bishops on wednesday charged that immigration raids on us workplaces break up families and disrupt communities , without addressing the flawed us immigration system .
the white house on wednesday expressed guarded optimism about the future of north korean nuclear disablement efforts amid reports that north korean leader kim jong-il may be seriously ill .
particle physicists were jubilant on wednesday after the long-awaited startup of a <unk> designed to expose secrets of the cosmos passed its first tests with flying colors .
an israeli military helicopter crashed near the northern town of afula on wednesday , army radio said .
seven men accused of being part of a cell that allegedly plotted to bring down transatlantic airliners will face a retrial , after a jury failed to reach verdicts this week , british prosecutors said wednesday .
a moroccan rights organization called wednesday for `` the immediate release '' of blogger mohamed <unk> , jailed this week for two years for showing disrespect to the king .
the us defense department has canceled a ## billion-dollar competition for a new air refueling tanker , leaving the politically charged decision to a new president .
at least ## people were killed in a massive rockslide that crushed dozens of homes in a cairo slum over the weekend , a security official said on wednesday , with the toll expected to rise further .
chad 's rebel leader and a prominent human rights lawyer blamed president idriss deby itno for the world bank 's decision to stop financing an oil pipeline deal , accusing him wednesday of stealing the money to pay for war .
archaeologists are a step closer to fully unravelling a ##-year mystery surrounding the discovery of broken early bronze age marble objects on a greek island , project sources said on wednesday .
the white house race plumbed new toxic depths wednesday as barack obama raged against john mccain for stooping to `` lies and phony outrage '' in response to the democrat 's mocking talk of `` lipstick on a pig .
the white house on wednesday welcomed `` positive '' comments from north korea 's number two leader on six-country efforts to end the secretive stalinist country 's nuclear weapons programs .
russia ruled out wednesday allowing eu observers into the georgian regions of south ossetia and abkhazia , contradicting claims by french president nicolas sarkozy over the mission .
the euro , <unk> by prospects of recession in the eurozone , fell to #.#### dollars in late afternoon trade wednesday , its lowest reading since october # , #### .
french president nicolas sarkozy and his wife carla bruni will welcome pope benedict xvi at the airport when he arrives in france on friday for his first visit , the presidency said .
european stock markets closed lower on wednesday , with london 's ftse ### index down #.## percent at #,###.## points .
us pop art giant jeff koons took the chateau of versailles by storm on wednesday , ruffling the stately pomp of the french royal court with his riotous , larger-than-life artwork .
president george w. bush declared an emergency in texas wednesday and state authorities began ordering evacuations as deadly hurricane ike churned in the gulf of mexico toward the us state .
seven members of an alleged cell accused of plotting to bring down transatlantic airliners will face a re-trial , after a jury failed to reach verdicts earlier this week , prosecutors said wednesday .
a top russian general threatened wednesday to target planned american missile shield sites in poland and the czech republic with ballistic missiles amid icy us-russia relations over georgia .
the war crimes court for the former yugoslavia granted a temporary release wednesday to <unk> president milan milutinovic for medical reasons , a court statement said .
the white house on wednesday said it disagreed with opec 's plans to cut oil output by half a million barrels a day , saying it wants to see more oil come to market , not less .
in villages in western georgia russian soldiers are packing up to leave , rolling up barbed wire and removing equipment , but the process is anything but fast , residents said wednesday .
john mccain decried barack obama 's use of the term `` lipstick on a pig '' as a sexist smear against his republican running mate sarah palin , a controversy dismissed wednesday by the democratic nominee as `` phony and foolish .
the united states will provide ## million dollars in aid to help storm-ravaged haiti recover from deadly tropical storms , white house spokeswoman dana perino said wednesday .
pakistan 's defense minister wednesday told the head of the german air force that civilian deaths from missile strikes by afghanistan-based forces could damage cooperation in the `` war on terror .
us stocks pared early gains wednesday as the market mulled struggling investment giant lehman brothers ' plans to sell assets to shore up its finances .
israel has recently foiled at least two attacks against its citizens abroad with the help of foreign security services , defense minister ehud barak said on wednesday .
the european union wants to boost its ties with oil-rich nigeria , its key partner on the continent , a top brussels official said on wednesday .
oil prices fell below ### dollars a barrel on wednesday after the us government revealed that stockpiles of distillates had fallen less than expected last week in the aftermath of hurricane gustav .
armenia has signed a deal to supply electricity to turkey , energy minister armen <unk> said wednesday , in the first tangible sign of a thaw in relations since an historic weekend visit by the turkish president .
georgia accused russian soldiers of violating a fragile truce on wednesday by killing a georgian policeman , as a major crack appeared in the eu-brokered ceasefire over the remit of eu observers .
the zimbabwe has licensed some shops to sell goods in foreign currency as it grapples with a burgeoning black market in basic commodities , a senior official said on wednesday .
kuwait said on wednesday it was considering alternatives to its widely criticised employee sponsor system after violent protests by foreign workers demanding better conditions .
turkish cypriot leader mehmet ali talat expressed hope wednesday that talks to unite the divided island of cyprus would be wrapped up by year 's end and a solution found by june next year .
a paris court refused wednesday to extradite to georgia an opposition activist and former defense minister convicted of corruption , his lawyer said .
ailing investment bank lehman brothers announced wednesday a series of asset sales to shore up its finances as it posted an estimated #.# billion-dollar quarterly loss .
the european commission said wednesday it was seeking information from the belgian authorities over complaints that french-speakers are discriminated against over public housing .
world food programme chief josette sheeran urged the european union wednesday to show bold leadership and unblock a billion euros in aid to help poor countries confront the global food crisis .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin thursday refused to rule out war with russia should georgia eventually join nato and then be invaded by moscow 's troops .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin vowed thursday she would not `` blink '' in pursuit of america 's `` righteous '' war in iraq and insisted she was ready to step in as president if needed .
zimbabwe 's political rivals clinched a powersharing agreement late thursday ending an ongoing political crisis in the southern african country .
argentina on thursday blasted the united states for accusations made during a miami trial that a suitcase filled with ###,### dollars stopped at buenos aires airport was an illicit campaign gift to president cristina kirchner from venezuela .
un chief ban ki-moon hailed the power-sharing deal reached by the zimbabwean government and its opposition in harare thursday and voiced hope it would pave the way for durable peace and recovery .
the united states on thursday ordered the expulsion of bolivia 's envoy to washington after bolivian president evo morales ordered the us ambassador to la paz to leave the country .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin insisted in her first major television interview on thursday she was ready to step in as us president if necessary .
zimbabwe 's political rivals reached a power-sharing deal thursday in a bid to end a bitter crisis after marathon talks that centred on how much authority president robert mugabe would cede .
lehman brothers shares plunged further thursday as fears intensified about the survival of the troubled wall street investment giant .
us ambassador philip goldberg has up to ## hours to leave bolivia , the government of leftist president evo morales said thursday .
sarah palin is rejuvenating her republican running mate john mccain in three of the battleground states likely to decide his showdown with democrat barack obama , new polls showed thursday .
spain 's constitutional court ruled thursday that a plan by authorities in the separatist-minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region is illegal .
us insurance giant aig and four of its former senior executives agreed to pay ### million dollars to settle claims stemming from charges of fraud , the investors ' law firm said thursday .
britain 's queen elizabeth ii was mistakenly sent #,### pints of beer when one of her royal residences was confused with a nearby pub , it emerged thursday .
white house rivals john mccain and barack obama made a dramatic show of unity thursday with a visit to ground zero on the emotional seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
spain 's constitutional court ruled thursday that a plan by authorities in the separatist-minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region is illegal .
in the latest sign of bollywood 's expanding reach , one of the industry 's biggest stars opened a new acting school in london on thursday that will tutor aspiring actors who hope to break into indian film .
the dollar shook off a weak report on the us trade deficit and held generally steady thursday as investors sought safety in the greenback from market turmoil .
roads and bridges leading from the us gulf coast were jammed thursday as hundreds of thousands fled in a mandatory evacuation of parts of houston , as deadly hurricane ike bore down on the texas metropolis .
zimbabwe 's political rivals reached a power-sharing deal thursday in a bid to end a bitter crisis after marathon negotiations that centred on how much power president robert mugabe would cede .
afghan president hamid karzai thursday welcomed a new us `` war on terror '' focus on pakistan 's border areas as more deadly violence underscored rampant militancy seven years after the #\/## attacks .
lehman brothers shares plunged further thursday as fears intensified about the survival of the troubled wall street investment giant .
rescuers evacuated dozens of truck drivers from the channel tunnel on thursday after an explosion and fire on a freight shuttle injured ## people and forced the closure of the undersea link , officials said .
spain 's constitutional court thursday blocked a plan by authorities in the separatist-minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region , a court source said .
us stocks staged a late rebound thursday as the market bounced off lows , shaking off fears about the financial sector and a battle for survival by investment giant lehman brothers .
the continued overfishing of bluefin tuna in the mediterranean is a `` disgrace '' and all fishing of the species in the region must be suspended immediately , a panel said thursday .
white house rivals john mccain and barack obama paid homage at ground zero together thursday on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
spanish king juan carlos and prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero attended a memorial service thursday for the ### victims of last month 's spanair jet crash , spain 's worst air accident in ## years .
a us air force plane left new zealand for antarctica early friday on a key mission that could pave the way for year-round flights to the bottom of the world .
ireland 's national sail training yacht foundered off the northwestern coast of france thursday , forcing its ## crew to take to <unk> , french maritime officials said .
white house rivals john mccain and barack obama visited ground zero together on thursday to commemorate the seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
former president bill clinton said thursday barack obama would win november 's election `` handily '' as he prepared to bring his vaunted campaign skills to bear on behalf of his heir as democratic leader .
spain 's supreme court thursday blocked a plan by authorities in the separatist - minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region , a court source said .
us stocks staged a late rebound thursday as the market bounced off lows , shaking off fears about the financial sector and investment giant lehman brothers 's battle for survival .
barack obama , the democratic candidate for the white house , arrived thursday at ground zero in new york where he was due to pay homage to the dead along with his republican rival john mccain .
russia condemned thursday the `` unfriendly '' stance of ukraine over the war in georgia and its treatment of ethnic russians , fuelling tensions in what is feared could be the region 's next flashpoint .
oil prices tumbled thursday as the dollar rallied and demand worries outweighed a powerful hurricane ike barreling through the <unk> gulf of mexico .
spain 's supreme court thursday blocked a plan by authorities in the separatist - minded basque country to hold a referendum in october on the political future of the region , a court source said .
zimbabwe 's opposition leader morgan tsvangirai thursday said there was a `` deal '' on power-sharing to end a ruinous political crisis as he emerged from a meeting with president robert mugabe .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday stoked fears of further widespread unrest and possibly even civil war , amid a furor over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
russian troops labored thursday over a tentative pull-out from georgia as moscow vowed to strengthen its military after last month 's war and turned its diplomatic fire on ukraine .
john mccain and barack obama observed a brief truce thursday in the rancorous white house race , joining ground zero ceremonies for the seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
rival cypriot leaders began talks on thursday on how to share power in a future unified state , their first substantive negotiations in a bid to end the mediterranean island 's ##-year division .
sure to irk us evangelicals , muslims and hasidic jews alike , satirist bill maher aims to subvert what he claims is mankind 's biggest threat : organized religion .
the official death toll from moscow 's military operation in georgia was thursday revised to ## soldiers , five less than previously announced .
a global forum on migration began thursday in spain and was set to call on european nations to ratify a #### un convention on the rights of migrants , organisers said .
the gulf of mexico , where hurricane ike churned thursday , is a hub of the us petroleum industry where a quarter of us crude oil is produced and ## percent of refinery capacity is concentrated .
a `` tsunami '' of films premiering this week at the toronto film festival explore mankind 's destruction of the environment and efforts around the world to save it , organizers said thursday .
eu foreign ministers are set to beef up sanctions against zimbabwe next week , frustrated by the lack of political progress there , european diplomats said thursday .
the gulf of mexico , where hurricane ike churned thursday , is a hub of the us petroleum industry where a quarter of us crude oil is produced and ## percent of refinery capacity is concentrated .
twelve socialist opposition activists jailed on charges of inciting unrest in yemen were freed on thursday after being pardoned by president ali abdullah saleh , official and opposition sources said .
rival cypriot leaders began talks on thursday on how to share power in a future unified state , their first <unk> negotiations in a bid to end the mediterranean island 's ##-year division .
archaeologists in greece have unearthed more than #,### ancient graves and tombs during excavation work for a new metro in the northern city of salonika , the culture ministry said on thursday .
former president bill clinton predicted thursday barack obama would beat john mccain `` handily '' in november 's election as he prepared to campaign on behalf of his successor as democratic leader .
the eu 's french presidency on thursday condemned the murder of a lebanese opposition figure and stressed the bloc 's readiness to help bring to justice those carrying out terrorist acts .
a fire in the channel tunnel triggered traffic jams at both ends of the tunnel on thursday , as trucks and cars scrambled to find alternative ways of getting between france and britain .
reeling from almost nationwide destruction from hurricanes gustav and ike , cash - strapped cuba thursday charged the united states was `` lying '' about its stated willingness to help the communist country .
south sudan appealed on thursday to uganda 's rebel lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- to sign a final peace agreement `` for the sake of the people , '' as military pressure mounted against the insurgents .
roads and bridges leading away from the texas coast were jammed thursday as hundreds of thousands of residents of houston and surrounding areas began a mass evacuation thursday , with deadly hurricane ike bearing down on the texas metropolis .
sarah palin is rejuvenating her republican running mate john mccain in three of the battleground states likely to decide his showdown with democrat barack obama , new polls showed thursday .
the united states said thursday it will monitor two russian tu-### strategic bombers , which it described as `` cold war era assets , '' following their deployment to venezuela .
the chinese company at the center of a major health scare said thursday its baby milk powder had been contaminated , as reports spread of infants being hospitalised with kidney stones .
a traditional chief in northern nigeria 's borno state was suspended from office thursday after divorcing his wife for having their children immunised against polio , a state spokesman said .
rescuers evacuated dozens of people from the channel tunnel on thursday after a fire on a freight shuttle injured ## people and forced the closure of the key transport link , officials said .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday stoked fears of further widespread unrest and possibly even civil war , amid a furor over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
republican white house hopeful john mccain commemorated september ## attacks from the crash site of united airlines flight ## in rural pennsylvania , commending `` the courage and sacrifice '' of its passengers .
the fight for survival at several big us banks is focusing minds in europe on whether governments are prepared to react in case a major european bank also runs into deep trouble .
un chief ban ki-moon on thursday said the world body was weighing sending a fact-finding mission to georgia and was willing to facilitate international talks on the breakaway enclaves of south ossetia and abkhazia .
a jailed member of the basque separatist group eta who was convicted of plotting to assassinate spain 's king juan carlos has begun a hunger strike to demand a transfer to a hospital , a basque prisoners ' rights group said thursday .
john mccain and barack obama declared a truce thursday in their rancorous white house campaign , joining somber ground zero ceremonies on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## terror strikes .
britain 's opposition conservative leader david cameron , whose party has a clear lead over the ruling labor party , is being presented to the world this week on the cover of time magazine .
media watchdog ipi thursday slammed slovenia for exerting pressure on a finnish television channel which recently reported on corruption allegations against the slovenian premier .
spain 's largest bank , santander , said thursday it has made an indicative bid for germany 's postbank with the aim of acquiring full control from owner and former postal monopoly deutsche post .
a technical recession in europe , defined as two consecutive quarters of economic contraction , can not be ruled out , dutch central bank governor and ecb board member nout wellink warned thursday .
un chief ban ki-moon on thursday unveiled a report warning that poverty reduction goals agreed by world leaders eight years ago may not be met by the #### target date , particularly in africa .
turkish foreign minister ali babacan on thursday signed accords to boost economic and energy ties with switzerland during a visit to bern .
european stock markets suffered thursday , dragged down by the finance sector on mounting fears about the fate of struggling us investment bank lehman brothers .
in what would be the third mega-deal in german retail banking in two months , deutsche bank has confirmed it is looking at an acquisition that would more than double its high street customer base .
russian troops labored thursday over a tentative pull-out from georgia as moscow vowed to strengthen its military after last month 's war and turned its diplomatic fire on ukraine .
the euro came under heavy pressure against the dollar and yen thursday on increasing speculation that the eurozone will not be able to escape a recession later this year .
nigerian president umaru yar ` adua on thursday urged a gathering of transparency experts here to look at ways of cracking down on `` blood oil '' , or crude stolen from conflict zones .
oil and natural gas production in the gulf of mexico has been largely shut off as hurricane ike looms , the us department of energy said thursday , adding however that the storm was likely to spare most gulf energy installations .
reeling from almost nationwide destruction from hurricanes gustav and ike , cash - strapped cuba thursday charged the united states was `` lying '' about its stated willingness to help the communist country .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday further stoked fears of widespread unrest and possibly civil war , amid a furore over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
the heads of some of afghanistan 's leading private companies issued a joint call for peace thursday , saying <unk> unrest and insecurity were hampering growth .
british firefighters raced into the channel tunnel thursday to tackle a fire described as a `` serious incident , '' as traffic tailbacks rapidly formed on the british end after the tunnel was closed .
president george w. bush dedicated the first september ## memorial thursday at the pentagon , hailing the `` heroes of #\/## '' and the absence of terrorist attacks on us soil in the seven years since that assault .
us president george w. bush will welcome indian prime minister manmohan singh on <unk> ## for talks on bilateral relations including a nuclear cooperation deal , the white house said thursday .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday further stoked fears of widespread unrest and possibly civil war , amid a furore over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
afghan president hamid karzai thursday welcomed a new us `` war on terror '' focus on pakistan 's border areas as more deadly violence underscored rampant militancy seven years after the september ## , #### attacks .
oil and natural gas production in the gulf of mexico has been largely shut off as hurricane ike looms , the us department of energy said thursday , adding however that the storm was likely to spare most gulf energy installations .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe cast fresh doubt thursday on expectations of a power-sharing agreement with the opposition saying that talks to end a ruinous political crisis were `` stuck '' .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday further stoked fears of widespread unrest and possibly civil war , amid a furore over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
un chief ban ki-moon on thursday unveiled a report warning that poverty reduction goals agreed by world leaders eight years ago may not be met by the #### target date , particularly in africa .
a fire on a freight shuttle in the channel tunnel on thursday forced an emergency rescue operation and the closure of the tunnel , officials said .
a ryanair flight was forced to return to dublin airport on thursday after the plane 's tail hit the runway as it took off for london , the airline and airport officials said .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe , who thursday reported a snag in power - sharing talks with the opposition , arrived at a hotel were south african president thabo mbeki is trying to broker a deal .
russian president dmitry medvedev on thursday ordered the government and central bank to boost funds flowing into financial markets to curb a four-month slump that has seen stock prices fall by nearly half .
the chinese company at the center of a major health scare said thursday its baby milk powder had been contaminated , as reports spread of infants being hospitalised with kidney stones .
oil and natural gas production in the gulf of mexico has been largely shut off as hurricane ike looms , the us department of energy said thursday , adding however that the storm was likely to spare most gulf energy installations .
the us trade deficit rose sharply to ##.# billion dollars in july , the largest gap in more than a year , on record high oil prices and surging chinese imports , government data showed thursday .
moroccan authorities on thursday released blogger mohamed <unk> on bail from a two year jail term ordered for his internet criticism of king mohammed vi , a human rights group said .
`` the joy of sex '' , the iconic ####s book which became the bedroom -lrb- and elsewhere -rrb- bible for a generation , has been re-released in an updated version for the <unk> .
in what would be the third mega-deal in german retail banking in two months , deutsche bank has confirmed it is looking at an acquisition that would more than double its high street customer base .
yemeni president ali abdullah saleh on thursday freed a dozen opposition activists jailed on charges of inciting unrest but a senior socialist politician remained behind bars , opposition and human rights sources said .
train traffic through the channel tunnel linking england and france was halted on thursday after a fire broke out , eurotunnel officials said .
european parliamentarians on thursday approved eu plans to decrease greenhouse gas emissions by ## percent but called for stricter limits to be set on the controversial use of biofuels .
president nicolas sarkozy 's `` soap opera '' love life and the radical change he is bringing to france will be brought to the big screen next year in a documentary , the film 's us director said thursday .
president george w. bush dedicated the first september ## memorial thursday at the pentagon , hailing the `` heroes of #\/## '' and the absence of terrorist attacks on us soil in the seven years since .
two international soldiers fighting taliban-linked insurgents were killed in afghanistan thursday , their forces said , as britain announced one of its troops had died a day earlier .
us stocks swung lower thursday amid heightened jitters about the financial sector as investment giant lehman brothers battled for survival .
two taliban-style suicide blasts struck afghanistan thursday , killing at least four afghans and wounding about a dozen more , government officials said .
in what would be the third mega-deal in german retail banking in two months , deutsche bank has confirmed it is looking at an acquisition that would more than double its high street customer base .
a ryanair flight was forced to return to dublin airport on thursday after the plane 's tail hit the runway as it took off for london , an airport authority spokeswoman said .
south africa thursday said it has given its #### humanitarian award to former cuban president fidel castro for his contributions to `` humankind beyond boundaries .
iran on thursday rejected us accusations that the iranian shipping company <unk> was involved in tehran 's alleged nuclear weapons program , the official news agency irna reported .
aung san suu kyi 's lawyer said thursday that he had held `` positive '' talks with the detained democracy leader and that she appeared in good health , after reports she was not accepting food .
the film debut by one of france 's most provocative writers , michel houellebecq , has been panned by critics following its release in france .
german energy group eon , which wants to build nuclear power stations in britain , on thursday signed an agreement enabling it to connect with the british national power network , an eon spokesman said .
averting a recession in europe will be the burning issue for eu finance chiefs meeting friday and saturday on the french riviera as the euro and stocks tumble on fears of a downturn .
russia condemned thursday the `` unfriendly '' stance of ukraine over the war in georgia and its treatment of ethnic russians , fuelling tensions in what is feared could be the region 's next flashpoint .
reeling from almost nationwide destruction from hurricanes gustav and ike , cash - strapped communist cuba thursday charged the united states was `` lying '' about its stated willingness to help .
german-born swiss chocolate magnate klaus jacobs , who for many years ran the company making the famous <unk> bars , died thursday aged ## , swiss news agency ats reported .
serbia said thursday it is `` determined '' to arrest bosnian serb genocide suspect ratko mladic as the un chief war crimes prosecutor left belgrade optimistic about the case crucial to the country 's eu aspirations .
venezuelan president hugo chavez said thursday he has ordered a probe into a suspected coup plot allegedly involving active and retired military officers .
oil prices tumbled to six-month lows below ## dollars on thursday as the dollar rallied and the likelihood of a sharp global economic slowdown loomed over demand growth , traders said .
survivors mourned at new york 's ground zero on thursday as john mccain and barack obama suspended their rancorous white house campaign to commemorate the seventh anniversary of the #\/## attacks .
belgium 's far-right vlaams belang party denounced thursday what it called the `` islamisation of europe '' at a ceremony to mark the anniversary of the september ## , #### attacks in the united states .
the killing of a lebanese politician in the first such attack against a pro- syrian figure jeopardises national reconciliation efforts already undermined by deep rifts between rival factions .
lehman brothers shares plunged further thursday as fears intensified about the survival of the troubled wall street investment giant .
police on thursday found a suitcase thought to contain the remains of a little french girl allegedly murdered by her israeli grandfather and dumped in a river in a grisly case that has shocked the country .
iran on thursday rejected us accusations that the iranian shipping company <unk> was involved in tehran 's alleged nuclear weapons program , the official news agency irna reported .
european parliamentarians on thursday approved eu plans to decrease greenhouse gas emissions by ## percent but called for stricter limits to be set on the controversial use of biofuels .
bulgaria 's decision to extend the probe of the #### `` umbrella killing '' of dissident georgy markov was welcomed thursday by another bulgarian dissident who survived a similar attack .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer will travel to latvia friday for talks with foreign ministers from the baltic states , amid growing concern there about russia 's actions in georgia .
a bomb blast and an attack on a combat post killed two nato soldiers in afghanistan , one of them british , the alliance 's international security assistance force and british military said thursday .
a new <unk> commission set up after the former soviet republic 's clash with russia will meet for the first time next week , an alliance spokesman said thursday .
five islamists accused of killing a us diplomat and his driver in the sudanese capital on new year 's day told police they had wanted to `` kill americans , '' a court heard on thursday .
eritrea on thursday slammed a `` hostile '' canada for denying its foreign minister a visa over his participation in the country 's three-decade independence war against ethiopia .
spain on thursday backed efforts by six central american nations to reach an association and free trade agreement with the ##-nation european union .
thousands gathered to dedicate the first september ## memorial thursday , observing a moment of silence at the instant seven years ago when an airliner slammed into the pentagon , killing ### people and five hijackers .
britain 's opposition conservative leader david cameron , whose party is enjoying a clear lead over the governing labor party , is being presented to the world this week on the cover of time magazine .
ceremonies began thursday at new york 's ground zero , also due to be visited by white house rivals barack obama and john mccain on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## attacks .
the radical reforms that nicolas sarkozy is carrying out in france and the president 's `` soap opera '' love life will be brought to the big screen in a documentary , the film 's us director said thursday .
unions at alitalia and investors who want to reorganise the ailing italian carrier were locked in talks thursday on a plan seen as a last-ditch bid to save the company from bankruptcy .
zimbabwe 's deadlocked political rivals entered a fourth day of talks on thursday with signs that president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai were inching towards an agreement .
spanish foreign minister miguel angel moratinos will friday begin a six-day middle east tour with stops in egypt , israel , jordan , syria and the palestinian territories , his ministry said .
us stocks opened with heavy losses thursday amid heightened jitters about the financial sector and a weakening global economy .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov accused the united states on thursday of seeking to encircle russia , and reiterated moscow 's opposition to us plans to install a missile shield on polish soil .
russian troops on thursday were seen dismantling positions near the western georgian towns of poti and <unk> in line with an agreement brokered in moscow by eu leaders this week .
lehman brothers shares plunged anew thursday as fears intensified about the survival of the troubled wall street investment giant .
five islamists accused of killing a us diplomat and his driver in the sudanese capital on new year 's day told police they had wanted to `` kill americans , '' a court heard on thursday .
power-sharing talks between zimbabwe 's political rivals are still stuck at the same point , president robert mugabe said thursday , despite his recent hints that a deal was imminent .
serbia on thursday said a stalled pact on its european union aspirations should be kickstarted now as it had fully complied with a un tribunal investigating war crimes in the former yugoslavia .
president dmitry medvedev on thursday ordered the government and central bank to boost funds flowing into financial markets after a four-month slump that has seen the stock exchange fall by nearly half .
thousands gathered to dedicate the first september ## memorial thursday , observing a moment of silence at the instant seven years ago when an airliner slammed into the pentagon , killing ### people and five hijackers .
kuwaiti stocks ended the week through thursday down six percent on lack of cashflow drained by huge ipos and a strict monetary policy to combat inflation , analysts said .
the us trade deficit rose by a worse-than-expected six percent in july to ##.# billion dollars on high oil prices and surging chinese imports , the commerce department said thursday .
thousands observed a moment of silence at the pentagon thursday at the instant seven years ago when an american airlines jet slammed into the military headquarters , killing ### people and five hijackers .
afghan president hamid karzai thursday welcomed a new us `` war on terror '' focus on pakistan 's border areas as further deadly violence underscored rampant militancy seven years after the september ## , #### attacks .
several hundred people believed missing after a landslide engulfed a chinese town are likely dead , state press said thursday , citing a senior official , as the official toll rose to ### .
the eu parliament is set next month to use the european union flag , anthem and motto for all formal business following a committe vote on thursday .
us stocks opened with heavy losses thursday amid heightened jitters about the financial sector and a weakening global economy .
power-sharing talks between zimbabwe 's political rivals are still deadlocked , president robert mugabe said thursday , despite recent signs that a deal was imminent .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin has given party nominee john mccain a jolt in several critical election battlegrounds , notably among white women voters , new polls found thursday .
russian troops labored thursday over a tentative pull-out from georgia as moscow vowed to rearm its military after last month 's war and turned its diplomatic fire on ukraine .
workers at french carmaker renault walked off the job at some factories on thursday to protest a plan to cut #,### jobs in france .
the us trade deficit rose nearly six percent in july to ##.# billion dollars on surging oil and chinese imports , the commerce department said thursday .
thousands of people fled the texas gulf coast thursday as deadly hurricane ike bore down , with forecasters warning the sprawling storm could gain added force before it crashes into the coast near houston , the key us oil hub and major space center .
ceremonies began thursday at new york 's grand zero , also due to be visited by white house rivals barack obama and john mccain on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## attacks .
police on thursday found a suitcase thought to contain the remains of a little french girl allegedly murdered by her israeli grandfather and dumped in a river in a grisly case that has shocked the country .
the killing of a lebanese politician in the first such attack against a pro- syrian figure jeopardises national reconciliation efforts already undermined by deep rifts between rival factions .
iceland 's central bank said thursday it was holding its key interest rate at ##.# percent as the statistics office announced strong second quarter growth figures and high inflation in august .
rival cypriot leaders began talks on thursday on how to share power in a future unified state , their first <unk> negotiations in a bid to end the mediterranean island 's ##-year division .
zimbabwe must forge a power-sharing deal that reflects the outcome of the first set of elections this year which were won by the opposition , british prime minister gordon brown said thursday .
thousands observed a moment of silence at the pentagon thursday at the instant seven years ago when an american airlines jet slammed into the military headquarters , killing ### people and five hijackers .
india 's inflation rate has slowed for a third consecutive week , official data showed thursday , but remained above the ## percent mark .
the european commission welcomed as a `` good step '' thursday the decision by internet giant google to halve the time that it keeps certain private web search data .
ceremonies began thursday at new york 's grand zero , also due to be visited by white house rivals barack obama and john mccain on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## attacks .
bulgaria 's decision to extend the probe of the #### `` umbrella killing '' of dissident georgy markov was welcomed thursday by another bulgarian dissident who survived a similar attack .
a meat company in germany that advertised its wares with the image of a naked woman emblazoned across its delivery trucks came under fire wednesday from an industry watchdog .
a cholera outbreak in a harare suburb has killed at least ## people , zimbabwe 's health minister said thursday .
police arrested five men in western france thursday following a tip-off about a possible terror plot , a source close to the case said .
the us trade deficit rose in july , to ##.# billion dollars from ##.# billion in the prior month , the commerce department said thursday .
economic growth in the tourist paradise of maldives is expected to slow this year as double-digit inflation curtails a construction boom , the international monetary fund said thursday .
serbian president boris tadic is asking un member nations to support a move to seek the international court of justice 's opinion on kosovo 's independence , his office said thursday .
pakistan prime minister yousuf raza gilani thursday offered staunch support for the country 's army chief after he criticised us-led coalition raids in the tribal belt bordering afghanistan .
european stock markets slumped on thursday in the wake of heavy falls in asia , pulled down by sharp losses for the banks as the global economic outlook turns darker still , traders said .
former bangladeshi prime minister khaleda zia announced thursday after her release from jail that her party will take part in upcoming elections that will restore democracy in the emergency-ruled country .
french prime minister francois fillon insisted on thursday that the centre-right government would not boost consumption to stimulate a slowing french economy .
un secretary general ban ki-moon came in for tough criticism thursday from sri lanka 's government , which accused him of unwittingly helping tamil tiger rebels .
china was facing a nationwide infant health scare on thursday as reports spread of babies hospitalised with kidney stones after drinking a suspected sub - standard milk formula .
at least ## people were killed in a massive rockslide that crushed dozens of homes in a cairo slum at the weekend , a security official said on thursday , with the toll expected to rise further .
european banks are solid enough to cope with further financial sector turmoil but risks of new shocks can not be ruled out , bank of france governor and european central bank board member christian noyer said thursday .
syria on thursday denounced the murder of a pro-syrian lebanese politician as a terrorist act aimed at undermining security in its neighbor ahead of planned multi-party reconciliation talks .
several hundred people believed missing after a landslide engulfed a chinese town are likely dead , with ### already confirmed killed , state press said thursday , citing a senior official .
france 's veteran far-right leader jean-marie le pen hinted he could leave politics , saying in an interview published thursday he was not planning a sixth run for the french presidency in #### .
rival cypriot leaders began talks on thursday on how they would share power in a future unified state , their first <unk> negotiations in a bid to end the mediterranean island 's ##-year division .
indian shares fell #.## percent on thursday as investors ignored overnight gains on wall street , on concerns that more bad news could emerge from the us financial sector , dealers said .
the european commission welcomed as a `` good step '' on thursday the decision by internet giant google to halve the time for which it keeps certain private web - search data .
japan 's top mobile operator ntt docomo inc. said thursday it was buying part of an irish company focused on communications at sea , as it increasingly looks abroad to expand and find a competitive edge .
president dmitri medvedev ordered the government and central bank on thursday to boost funds flowing into strained russian financial markets , news agencies reported .
a right-wing politician on thursday called off his campaign against bollywood legend amitabh bachchan , and said he would not block the release of the star 's latest film .
pakistan army commanders met thursday , a day after their leader , general ashfaq kayani , strongly criticised cross-border raids by us-led coalition forces , officials said .
new pakistan president asif ali zardari showered rose petals on the grave of his slain wife benazir bhutto on thursday , on his first such visit here since taking office .
a briton who sparked a bomb alert on an emirates flight from manchester to dubai in july while he was drunk told a court in the gulf emirate that he was joking , newspapers reported on thursday .
irish ##-month inflation fell to #.# percent in august from #.# percent in july , official data showed on thursday .
samak sundaravej was poised thursday to return as thailand 's premier just two days after a court removed him from the post , angering protesters who vowed to press their campaign to oust him .
the murder of saleh aridi on wednesday was the latest in a long series of targeted killings in lebanon .
oil prices tumbled to six-month low points below ## dollars a barrel on thursday as the dollar rallied and demand for energy decreased around the world amid an economic slowdown , traders said .
nato military chiefs will examine in talks this week the state of the georgian army , which took a battering from russian forces last month , a spokesman said thursday .
the world must increase its pressure on the `` frontline '' against al-qaeda in afghanistan , seven years after the september ## , #### , attacks , british prime minister gordon brown said thursday .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent lower thursday , as investors sold off plantation and finance stocks amid a region-wide slump , dealers said .
the italian government on thursday agreed to outlaw prostitution in public places , recommending prison terms of up to ## days and fines of up to ##,### euros for prostitutes and their clients .
rival cypriot leaders began negotiations thursday on the thorny issues that have kept the mediterranean island divided for ## years , in what is seen as the best chance of peace for years despite entrenched differences .
emergency authorities in bangladesh on thursday released former prime minister khaleda zia as part of efforts to restore democracy in the south asian country by the end of the year .
in what would be the third mega-deal in german retail banking in two months , deutsche bank has confirmed it is looking at an acquisition that would more than double its high street customer base .
the head of austria 's far-right fpoe party , <unk> strache , is under suspicion of being a neo-nazi after a magazine accused him of manipulating photos of himself in paramilitary uniform .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday amid ongoing concerns over a global economic slowdown , dealers said .
john mccain and barack obama were to observe a truce thursday in their increasingly bitter white house contest with a joint appearance at ground zero on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## attacks .
the euro on thursday slid below #.## dollars for the first time in a year and struck the lowest point versus the yen since september #### on heightened concerns about a weak european economy , dealers said .
mongolia laid to rest more than two months of political turmoil on thursday when parliament approved <unk> bayar as prime minister , potentially paving the way for lucrative mining deals .
thousands of people fled the texas gulf coast thursday as deadly hurricane ike bore down , growing in power after ravaging cuba and the caribbean .
russian troops on thursday dismantled positions near the western georgian towns of poti and <unk> in line with an agreement brokered in moscow by eu leaders this week .
indian shares fell #.## percent on thursday as investors ignored overnight gains on wall street , on concerns that more bad news could emerge from the us financial sector , dealers said .
spanish ##-month inflation fell to #.# percent in august from #.# percent in july , final official data showed on thursday , mainly because of a fall in the price of oil .
russian troops labored over a tentative pull-out from western georgia on thursday as cracks appeared in an eu-brokered truce and moscow turned its diplomatic fire on ukraine .
a british solder has been killed in an explosion in southern afghanistan , the ministry of defense in london said thursday , bringing the total british toll in the afghan conflict to ### .
south korea was on alert thursday for possible political change in its nuclear - armed neighbor following the disclosure that longtime north korean leader kim jong-il suffered a stroke .
liechtenstein 's prince hans-adam ii was accused thursday of <unk> nazi crimes by suggesting that germany today is a `` fourth reich , '' swiss newspaper <unk> reported .
japan 's matsushita electronics industrial ltd. said thursday it aimed to boost its global sales as it started a new board of `` global advisors .
police said on thursday they found a suitcase thought to contain the remains of a french girl allegedly killed by her israeli grandfather and dumped in a river near tel aviv in a grisly case that shocked israel .
zimbabwe 's deadlocked political rivals enter a fourth day of talks on thursday with signs that president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai were inching towards an agreement .
australian animal cruelty authorities have launched a nationwide hunt for a youth who was videotaped beating a kangaroo unconscious , officials said thursday .
iceland 's central bank held its key interest rate at ##.# percent on thursday , despite posting record inflation in august , the bank said .
taiwan announced an economic stimulus package thursday worth #.# billion us dollars less than four months since the president took office as growth flags and the stock market struggles .
a suicide car bomb blew up near a convoy of private security guards in afghanistan 's southern city of kandahar thursday , killing two afghan civilian passers-by , a governor 's spokesman said .
taiwan 's weather bureau warned thursday of an approaching typhoon which it said was gaining momentum and sweeping toward the island .
zimbabwe 's deadlocked political rivals enter a fourth day of talks on thursday with signs that president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai were inching towards an agreement .
south ossetia 's separatist leader backtracked thursday after initially saying his region would become part of russia in the wake of last month 's conflict in georgia .
the australian dollar slipped below the crucial ## us cents barrier for the first time in ## months thursday , as investors also fled the new zealand unit after a bigger than expected rate cut .
zimbabwe 's deadlocked political rivals enter a third day of talks on thursday with signs that president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai were inching towards an agreement .
chinese shares slumped to close down #.## percent on thursday amid deepening fears of an economic slowdown and a lack of market-boosting policies from beijing , dealers said .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on thursday , marking an ##-month low as investors dumped shares in chinese firms amid deepening fears of a global economic slowdown , dealers said .
chinese shares slumped to close down #.## percent on thursday amid deepening fears of an economic slowdown and a lack of market-boosting policies from beijing , dealers said .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday on ongoing concerns over a global economic slowdown , dealers said .
thailand 's powerful army chief on thursday said the country 's state of emergency should be lifted as soon as possible because it was harming the public .
turkish airlines -lrb- thy -rrb- said thursday it had missed a deadline for participation in a privatisation tender for a stake in austrian airlines -lrb- aua -rrb- .
indonesian shares closed #.# percent lower thursday , hurt by a weaker rupiah and further selling in commodity-related stocks , dealers said .
russia on thursday condemned the `` unfriendly '' stance of ukraine over the war in georgia and its treatment of ethnic russians , fuelling tensions in what is feared could be the region 's next flashpoint .
ireland 's national sail training yacht foundered off the northwestern coast of france early thursday , forcing its ## crew to take to <unk> , french maritime officials said .
swedish telecommunications equipment provider ericsson said on thursday that it had signed a contract to set up and operate an international mobile phone network for british group cable &amp; wireless .
emergency authorities in bangladesh on thursday released former prime minister khaleda zia as part of efforts to restore democracy in the south asian country by the end of the year .
an australian state minister was forced to resign thursday just three days into the job after stripping down to his underpants and dancing at a drunken parliamentary staff party .
indonesian shares closed #.# percent lower thursday , hurt by a weaker rupiah and further selling in commodity-related stocks , dealers said .
an australian state minister was forced to resign thursday just three days into the job after stripping down to his underpants and dancing at a drunken parliamentary staff party .
australia 's national airline qantas said thursday it was not racing to reduce its fuel surcharges despite a big fall in global oil prices .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent lower thursday , in line with losses across regional markets on concerns over the us financial sector , dealers said .
bangladeshi authorities said thursday they have arrested a man on suspicion of writing a note stating a bomb was on board the flight he was traveling on .
police on thursday found the body of a french girl allegedly killed by her israeli grandfather , stuffed in a suitcase and thrown in a tel aviv river , radio reported .
iraq 's minister for women 's affairs nawal <unk> urged the government on thursday to rehabilitate would-be female bombers arrested before they could carry out suicide attacks .
taliban militants shot dead three pro-government tribesmen in a restive pakistani tribal area , accusing the victims of spying against them , officials said thursday .
five people were arrested in india 's remote northeastern state of meghalaya for allegedly trying to smuggle uranium , police said thursday .
president hamid karzai endorsed thursday a new us focus on the afghan and pakistan border in its `` war on terror , '' saying it was something his government had been pushing for years .
a police officer apologised thursday for wearing an osama bin laden costume to a village carnival in southwest england , days before the seventh anniversary of the september ## attacks .
the euro on thursday slid below #.## dollars for the first time in a year on heightened concerns about the weak european economy , dealers said .
oil prices fell on thursday as demand for energy decreased around the world owing to a global economic slowdown .
taiwan announced an economic stimulus package thursday worth #.# billion us dollars less than four months since the president took office as growth flags and the stock market struggles .
a us missile shield planned for poland and the czech republic targets russia , rather than any potential threat from iran , russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said in an article published thursday .
sarah palin was back in alaska thursday to see her son off to war .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni 's lead over her closest rival dropped sharply ahead of next week 's election to replace prime minister ehud olmert as ruling party leader , indicated an opinion poll out on thursday .
china was facing a nationwide infant health scare on thursday as reports spread of babies hospitalised with kidney stones after drinking a suspected sub - standard milk formula .
a passenger about to board a plane in vietnam was carrying a dead infant 's body in his luggage , security officials at ho chi minh airport said thursday .
an australian state minister was forced to resign thursday , just three days into the job , after stripping down to his underpants and dancing at a parliamentary staff party .
darfur rebel groups dismissed on thursday an arab league initiative aimed at bringing peace to the war-ravaged western sudanese region , saying the move came five years too late .
barack obama sought thursday to refocus the ill-tempered white house campaign back onto voter anxieties as he castigated the `` lies and phony outrage '' of his republican foes over a farmyard taunt .
protesters occupying thailand 's main government complex thursday blasted the ruling party 's decision to restore samak sundaravej to power , vowing to keep up their street campaign against him .
thousands of people fled the texas gulf coast thursday as deadly hurricane ike bore down , growing in power after ravaging cuba and the caribbean .
china said thursday it had received no information from secretive north korea on the health of its leader kim jong-il following reports he had suffered a stroke .
in what would be the third mega-deal for germany 's normally calm banking sector in two months , deutsche bank has confirmed it is in `` advanced discussions '' on buying a stake in postbank .
samak sundaravej was poised thursday to return as thailand 's prime minister just two days after a court removed him from the post , angering protesters who vowed to keep up their campaign against him .
oil production in norway , the world 's fifth biggest exporter of black gold , fell sharply in august to some #.## million barrels per day , norway 's petroleum directorate said on thursday .
rival cypriot leaders began negotiations thursday on the thorny issues that have kept the mediterranean island divided for ## years , in what is seen as the best chance of peace for years despite their entrenched differences .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on thursday as investors dumped shares in chinese firms amid deepening fears of a global economic slowdown , dealers said .
inflation in hungary stood at #.# percent on a ##-month basis in august , slightly slower than the #.# percent recorded in july , as food price inflation eased , official data showed thursday .
the killing of a lebanese politician in the first such attack against a pro- syrian figure jeopardises national reconciliation efforts already undermined by deep rifts between rival factions .
south africa 's president thabo mbeki has called off a planned visit to swaziland on thursday so that he can stay in harare to encourage power sharing talks .
hong kong gold prices closed lower on thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from wednesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
australian share prices fell nearly #.# percent to a five-week low on thursday as financial stocks were hit by jitters over lehman brothers ' ability to secure capital , dealers said .
averting a recession in europe is the burning issue for eu finance ministers as they meet on the french riviera on friday and saturday , but officials predicted no sweeping stimulus plans .
rival cypriot leaders began negotiations thursday on the thorny issues that have kept the mediterranean island divided for ## years , in what is seen as the best chance of peace for years despite their entrenched differences .
chinese shares slumped to close down #.## percent on thursday amid deepening fears of an economic slowdown and a lack of market-boosting policies from beijing , dealers said .
south korean shares closed #.## percent lower thursday , weighed down by program selling due to the simultaneous expiry of options and futures , dealers said .
international forces killed several suspected militants in eastern afghanistan in a raid on a `` terrorist leader '' said to be helping smuggle in foreign fighters , the us-led coalition said thursday .
nigeria 's president umaru yar ` adua lost no time in exerting his authority after he returned from hospital abroad , axing a top aide who analysts said was positioning himself for a leadership challenge .
with kim jong il 's fate uncertain , us officials are worried about who gains control of north korea 's nuclear weapons , say experts .
european stock markets fell slightly at the start of trading on thursday , with london 's ftse ### index of leading shares down #.## percent at #,###.## points .
turkish president abdullah gul said armenia and azerbaijan are willing to resolve their conflict over nagorny karabakh region after talks in the two countries , anatolia news agency reported thursday .
germany 's biggest bank deutsche bank has confirmed it is in `` advanced discussions '' with deutsche post about a possible acquisition of a stake in its postbank unit .
jean sarkozy , the son of french president nicolas sarkozy , exchanged wedding vows wednesday with an heir to a french retailing fortune in his father 's political fiefdom , west of paris .
at least seven people were killed and ## injured in the powerful earthquake that struck southern iran on wednesday , the mehr news agency reported on thursday .
a right-wing politician on thursday called off his campaign against bollywood legend amitabh bachchan , saying he would not block the release of the star 's latest film .
the euro fell to a fresh one-year low against the dollar in asian trade thursday on renewed fears over the health of the european economy , dealers said .
rival cypriot leaders began negotiations thursday on the thorny issues that have kept the mediterranean island divided for ## years , in what is seen as the best chance of peace for years despite their entrenched differences .
australian share prices fell #.# percent to a five-week low on thursday as financial stocks were hit by jitters over lehman brothers ' ability to secure capital , dealers said .
emergency authorities in bangladesh on thursday released former prime minister khaleda zia as part of efforts to restore democracy in the south asian country by the end of the year .
thai protesters occupying the main houses of government thursday blasted the ruling party 's decision to restore samak sundaravej to the premiership , vowing to keep up their street campaign against him .
russia on thursday condemned ukraine 's `` unfriendly '' stance over the war with georgia and efforts to restrict russia 's black sea fleet which has a based in ukraine .
execution by firing squad is not torture , the indonesian government argued on thursday at a constitutional court hearing launched by three bali bombers on death row .
at least ## tamil tiger rebels have been killed in fresh ground battles across sri lanka 's embattled north , the island 's defense ministry said thursday .
taiwan shares tumbled #.## percent thursday despite the government unveiling a #.#-billion-us-dollar stimulus package to boost the ailing economy and stock market , dealers said .
taiwan announced an economic stimulus package thursday worth #.# billion us dollars less than four months since the president took office , as growth flags and the stock market struggles .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday , dragged down by regional markets after making early gains when the central bank cut interest rates , dealers said .
south korean shares closed #.## percent lower thursday on concerns over fluctuations due to the expiration of futures and options contracts , analysts said .
pakistan and the united states were drawn into a dispute thursday over the right military strategy to hunt down al-qaeda , seven years after the september ## attacks stunned the world .
world oil prices rose in asian trade thursday as hurricane ike headed towards key energy facilities on the southern us coast , dealers said .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday , dragged down by regional markets after making early gains when the central bank cut interest rates , dealers said .
russia on thursday condemned ukraine 's `` unfriendly '' stance on the war with georgia , including ukrainian efforts to restrict russia 's black sea fleet .
china was facing a nationwide infant health scare as reports spread of babies hospitalised with kidney stones after drinking a suspected sub-standard milk formula , state media said on thursday .
malaysia 's armed forces chief thursday called for `` stern action '' against those inciting racial conflict in the multicultural country , after the government warned tensions were rising .
south korea 's central bank on thursday kept its key interest rate unchanged for september as inflation eased and the economy slowed .
rival cypriot leaders start on thursday grappling with the thorny issues that have kept the mediterranean island divided for ## years , in what is seen as the best chance of peace for years .
taiwan shares tumbled #.## percent thursday even though the government unveiled a #.#-billion-us-dollar stimulus package to boost the ailing economy and stock market , dealers said .
faced with a rapidly slowing economy , new zealand 's central bank cut the official interest rate by half a percentage point on thursday , double the reduction forecast by analysts .
thailand 's ruling party thursday nominated samak sundaravej to return to power as prime minister , just two days after a court removed him from office , a spokesman said .
taiwan shares tumbled #.## percent thursday even though the government unveiled a #.#-billion-us-dollar stimulus package to boost the ailing economy and stock market , dealers said .
thailand 's ruling party thursday nominated samak sundaravej to return to power as prime minister , just two days after a court removed him from office , a spokesman said .
the united states condemned the car bombing death of a lebanese druze politician , vowing `` unwavering '' support for the lebanese government .
international forces killed several suspected militants in eastern afghanistan in a raid on a `` terrorist leader '' said to be helping foreign fighters enter the country , the us-led coalition said thursday .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday amid renewed fears about the global economic slowdown , dealers said .
thailand 's powerful army chief on thursday said the country 's state of emergency should be lifted as soon as possible , claiming the decree was harming the public .
white house hopeful barack obama lavished praise on former president bill clinton late wednesday as the two democrats , bitter foes in the nominating race , prepared for a fence-mending meeting .
hong kong share prices ended the morning down #.# percent on thursday , tracking falls on china bourses , dealers said .
chinese share prices were down #.## percent by midday thursday , led by financial companies , as sentiment remained poor amid worries over slowing corporate earnings , dealers said .
taiwan announced an economic stimulus package thursday worth #.# billion us dollars less than four months since the president took office as growth flags and the stock market struggles .
israel 's air force has grounded its fleet of cobra helicopters after two israeli soldiers died when one of the aircraft crashed near the northern town of afula wednesday , military source said .
taiwan announced an economic stimulus package thursday worth #.# billion us dollars less than four months since the president took office as growth flags and the stock market struggles .
new zealand prime minister helen clark held off sacking her embattled foreign minister thursday , saying she would await further developments in a row over undeclared funds .
thailand 's ruling party met thursday to overcome internal splits on whether to return samak sundaravej to power , after a court forced the premier from office over a cooking show scandal .
russian cargo ship progress m-## is due to dock with the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- saturday after setting off from kazakhstan early thursday , the space control center officials said .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday amid renewed fears about the global economic slowdown , dealers said .
south korea pushed for a share of major romanian construction projects at a summit between the countries ' leaders thursday , the seoul presidential office said .
us joint chiefs chairman admiral michael mullen warned wednesday time was running out to defeat an intensifying insurgency in afghanistan and said he was `` not convinced we 're winning '' in the country .
spike lee visited a world war ii cemetery near france 's d-day landing beaches before presenting the european premiere of his film about the forgotten contribution of african-american soldiers to the war that freed europe from nazi tyranny .
the avalanche of english people moving to the southwest dordogne region of france each year is having an unexpected benefit on rural french schools once in danger of closing .
world oil prices rose in asian trade thursday as hurricane ike headed towards key energy facilities on the southern us coast , dealers said .
un peacekeepers in the democratic republic of congo have transferred troops to hotspots in the east of the country to handle the fallout of increased fighting there between rebels and the army .
hong kong share prices opened #.# percent down on thursday , marking a fresh year-to-date low after falls on china bourses , dealers said .
bollywood legend amitabh bachchan 's new film `` the last lear '' opens on friday , the latest in a string of english language movies to hit the screens as indian cinema explores new themes and content .
chinese share prices were lower in early thursday trade led by financial companies as sentiment remained poor amid worries over slowing corporate earnings , dealers said .
alaska officials fired barbs at state governor sarah palin wednesday , trying to burst the bubble the republican party has been riding on since her surprise nomination two weeks ago as john mccain 's running mate .
john mccain and barack obama were to observe a truce thursday in their increasingly bitter white house contest with a joint appearance at ground zero on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## attacks .
the white house said late wednesday it sent the text of a landmark us-india civilian nuclear agreement to congress for final approval but it remains unclear if lawmakers will give the accord the greenlight .
south korea 's central bank on thursday kept its key interest rate unchanged for september as inflation eased and the economy slowed .
white house hopeful barack obama professes no anxiety about polls that show his longstanding lead evaporating , but senior democrats are rattled at the republicans ' sarah <unk> charge .
barack obama set aside the sniping of the white house battle with john mccain on the eve of the #\/## anniversary to applaud american unity after the attacks and stress that `` we rise and fall as one nation .
the first public screening of the new james bond movie will be the highlight of this year 's london film festival , which will bring a host of world premieres and top stars to the british capital .
texas authorities ordered coastal evacuations wednesday as deadly hurricane ike strengthened to a category two storm in the gulf of mexico and headed toward the southern us coast after ravaging cuba and the caribbean .
with oil prices falling below ### dollars per barrel this week , oil producer group opec decided to cut production to prevent a further drop , despite an economic crisis in consumer countries .
like it or not , russia 's war in georgia last month means two ex-soviet rebel territories are making their awkward debut on the international scene -- with heavyweight russia pulling all the strings .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from wednesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
the white house said late wednesday it sent the text of a proposed us-india nuclear agreement to congress for final approval .
the white house said late wednesday it sent a proposed us-india nuclear agreement to congress for final approval .
the british press laid aside their sniping thursday as they hailed england 's #-# win over croatia and crowned theo walcott the nation 's new hero after the teenager 's stunning hat-trick in zagreb .
in what could have been a sequel to one of his own smash television shows , ashton kutcher played <unk> this week as he launched an irreverent gossip website for girls .
disco megastars the village people were honored friday for their hits of the late ####s and early ####s with a star on the hollywood walk of fame .
the <unk> channel tunnel rail link between france and britain was to reopen to passenger traffic saturday morning with `` a reduced service '' , operator eurostar announced .
the dollar stumbled friday on an unexpected fall in us retail sales in anxious trading reflecting market uncertainty surrounding the fate of ailing us investment giant lehman brothers .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin friday picked at the scars of the democratic primary fight , saying barack obama must now be sorry he did not name hillary clinton as his running mate .
thieves stole a `` priceless '' engraving by spanish master francisco de goya from a temporary exhibition in colombia , a museum spokesman said friday .
the security council expressed `` serious concern '' friday at recent fighting between government troops and rebels led by renegade ethnic tutsi colonel laurent nkunda in eastern democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- .
republican john mccain got a rough ride on the plush couch of a top daytime talk show friday , forced to deny his negative attacks on white house foe barack obama amounted to `` lies .
washington tried friday to play down its concerns in latin america by attributing the expulsion of its envoys from bolivia and venezuela as a byproduct of domestic problems in those countries .
officials begged thousands of diehard residents of the texas coast to flee `` certain death '' as hurricane ike on friday raged towards houston , the fourth largest us city and a major oil hub .
computer material containing all of sao tome and principe 's electoral files has been stolen , jeopardising upcoming elections , the justice ministry said friday .
thieves stole a `` priceless '' engraving by spanish master francisco de goya from a temporary exhibition in colombia , a museum spokesman said friday .
spain offered friday to help in launching dialogue in bolivia to could bring an end to deadly clashes between pro- and anti-government protesters .
us president george w. bush will visit the united nations september ##-## , looking to thank countries that backed the iraq war and push for trade pacts with latin america , the white house said friday .
a cholera epidemic that erupted in may in guinea-bissau is reaching alarming proportions , with ### people reported dead so far , public health officials said friday .
wall street shares zigzagged to a mixed finish friday in a market whipsawed by reports and speculation about the fate of two troubled financial firms , lehman brothers and washington mutual .
a junior member of the british government was sacked friday after becoming the first to break ranks and call for embattled prime minister gordon brown to face a leadership challenge .
alaska lawmakers on friday subpoenaed the husband of republican vice presidential nominee sarah palin in a politically explosive abuse-of-power probe .
un peacekeepers shot and killed rebel fighters in drcongo on friday as a renegade tutsi leader said he had asked his troops to withdraw from positions taken over by government forces , military sources said .
services were set to resume through the channel tunnel overnight friday , more than ## hours after a <unk> inferno shut down the busy link between britain and mainland europe .
un boss ban ki-moon on friday welcomed the establishment of an arab league panel led by qatar that will work with the african union and united nations to sponsor peace talks in sudan 's darfur region .
prime minister stephen harper 's conservatives firmed their lead friday after a first week of campaigning for canada 's october ## general election , according to polls .
prime minister stephen harper on friday pledged to ease foreign investment rules in canada 's airline and uranium mining sectors , if re-elected .
pope benedict xvi friday threw his weight behind a call by president nicolas sarkozy to rethink the strict separation of religion and state in france , the `` eldest daughter '' of the catholic church .
honduran president manuel zelaya on friday postponed the reception of credentials of the new us ambassador to show solidarity with bolivia in a growing diplomatic crisis .
more than three million somalis will need humanitarian help at least until year 's end owing to high food prices and prolonged drought and insecurity in the troubled nation , a un report warned friday .
oil prices closed narrowly mixed friday amid a near-total shutdown of offshore rigs in the gulf of mexico , where a massive hurricane ike was bearing down deep in the heart of the us oil industry .
wall street shares zigzagged to a mixed finish friday in a market whipsawed by reports and speculation about the fate of two troubled financial firms , lehman brothers and washington mutual .
former italian premier romano prodi will chair a panel tasked with mulling ways to provide international backing to african union -lrb- au -rrb- peacekeeping missions established under un mandate , a un spokeswoman said friday .
the pentagon is hoping to sell the united arab emirates a theater wide missile defense system with an estimated value of #.## billion dollars , a defense agency said .
poland 's foreign minister radoslaw sikorski on friday paid a surprise flash visit to belarus to discuss relations between minsk and the european union , the belarussian foreign ministry said .
a task force called friday for the us air force to put its nuclear forces under a single command to halt a serious erosion in readiness that has undermined international confidence in the us nuclear deterrent .
kenyan president mwai kibaki on friday urged local oil companies to reduce prices as international crude prices dipped below ### dollars a barrel .
russia voiced hope that a new zimbabwe power-sharing accord would be officially cinched monday in a show of `` high responsibility '' by all sides , the russian foreign ministry said friday .
a suicide bomber detonated his explosives-filled truck near the police station of the central iraqi shiite town of dujail on friday , killing at least ## people , officials said .
a senior saudi cleric has issued a religious decree saying the owners of television networks <unk> `` <unk> and debauchery '' may be killed , al - arabiya television reported on friday .
african union commission chairman jean ping on friday welcomed a new zimbabwe power-sharing accord and hoped it would boost the recovery of the struggling southern african nation .
kenyan prime minister raila odinga on friday welcomed a south african court 's move to halt a graft case against anc party chief jacob zuma , opening the way for him to become the country 's president next year .
italy 's alitalia was staring into the abyss friday after investors , blaming union intransigence , abandoned talks to rescue the airline , leaving the government scrambling to salvage the situation .
bulgarian customs seized ## kilogrammes -lrb- ## pounds -rrb- of heroin on the southwestern <unk> border checkpoint with greece , the customs agency said friday .
a junior member of the british government called friday for embattled prime minister gordon brown to face a challenge as labor party leader , to `` clear the air '' after months of growing infighting .
a suicide bomber slammed his explosives-filled truck into the police station of the central iraqi town of dujail on friday , killing at least ## people , officials said .
pope benedict xvi friday threw his weight behind a call by president nicolas sarkozy to rethink the strict separation of religion and state in france , the `` eldest daughter '' of the catholic church .
cuba on friday said it did not have the resources to confront rebuilding from devastation wrought by hurricanes gustav and ike , including ###,### tonnes of food lost and ###,### homes destroyed .
huge waves crashed over the seawall in galveston friday and washed through the <unk> streets of the island as hurricane ike whipped the gulf of mexico into a frenzy and bore down on texas .
crude oil prices dipped below ### dollars a barrel in new york friday as traders anticipated hurricane ike would spare most oil installations in the gulf of mexico .
three lawmakers cautioned the us congress on friday against rushing through with a vote on a landmark nuclear pact with india that president george w. bush wants approved before he leaves office in january .
a suicide bomber slammed his explosives-filled truck into the police station in the central iraqi town of dujail on friday , killing at least ## people , police and security officials said .
chinese telecom firms huawei and zte have won contracts worth ## million dollars to expand the mobile phone network in libya , the state-run telecommunications office said on friday .
hurricane ike , bearing down friday on the texas coast , is pressuring us refining capacity at a time when gasoline stockpiles are low , signaling higher prices at the pump for american consumers .
pope benedict xvi told french jewish leaders on friday that anti-semitism was anti-christian , as he began a four-day visit to the traditionally catholic nation .
china on friday vowed to punish those responsible for contaminating baby milk powder that has killed one infant and sickened dozens , as it emerged the producer knew about the problem a month ago .
the current crisis roiling the financial sector is likely to drag on for many months to come , the chairman of the eurozone finance ministers warned friday .
a suicide bomber slammed his explosives-filled truck into the police station in the central iraqi town of dujail on friday , killing at least ## people , police and security officials said .
officials pleaded friday with thousands of diehard residents of the texas coast to flee to escape `` certain death '' as powerful hurricane ike bore down on houston , the fourth largest us city and a major oil hub .
a us man convicted in the biggest espionage trial of the cold war has , after more than ## years , finally admitted his guilt , the new york times reported friday .
police in northern greece have arrested four people on suspicion of antiquity smuggling after they allegedly tried to sell religious artefacts to undercover officers for #.# million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- , a police source said on friday .
crude oil futures slid to six-month lows below ### dollars this week and many other commodities fell as the dollar rallied and surveys pointed to lower demand for raw materials amid an economic slowdown .
european stocks closed higher friday , with investors betting that the us authorities will ensure that failing investment bank lehman brothers finds a savior and so ease the pressure on the banking sector .
russian submarines armed with intercontinental ballistic missiles will test fire their rockets in the pacific ocean between september ## and ## , a military official was quoted as saying on friday .
malaysian authorities friday arrested an opposition politician , a prominent blogger and a journalist , according to officials and reports , in a crackdown as the opposition plots to seize power .
pope benedict xvi friday warned that humanity faced `` disaster '' if it turned away from religion , saying faith was the basis of all true culture , in a speech to cultural and religious leaders in paris .
malaysian authorities friday arrested an opposition politician , a prominent blogger and a journalist , according to officials and reports , in a crackdown as the opposition plots to seize power .
spanish rider alberto contador is well-positioned to win his third major tour within ## months when the tour of spain resumes following friday 's rest day .
the dollar wilted against the euro friday on an unexpected fall in us retail sales in anxious trading reflecting market uncertainty surrounding the fate of ailing us investment giant lehman brothers .
russian president dmitry medvedev on friday likened the georgian military assault on south ossetia that led to last month 's war to the september ## , #### attacks on the united states .
chiefs of staff from nato 's ## member countries met friday in sofia for a three - day conference to discuss the alliance 's common defense policy in the wake of the georgia-russia conflict .
us president george w. bush will host italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on october ## , white house spokeswoman dana perino said in a statement .
us president george w. bush will host kuwait 's prime minister sheikh nasser mohammed al-ahmed al-sabah september ## for wide-ranging talks on the middle east , the white house said friday .
us president george w. bush will host lebanese president michel sleiman september ## for wide-ranging talks on the middle east , white house spokeswoman dana perino said in a statement friday .
poland on friday inked deals with private investors aimed at saving shipyards in gdynia and szczecin and forwarded the restructuring plans to the european commission , meeting a crucial eu deadline .
us president george w. bush will host lithuanian president valdas adamkus of lithuania on september ## for talks on issues including the conflict in georgia , the white house said friday .
us president george w. bush will host president hamid karzai of afghanistan september ## for talks on the war amid tensions with pakistan over cross-border violence , the white house said friday .
the turmoil surrounding embattled wall street giant lehman brothers extended friday as its share meltdown continued and the company and us government scrambled to find a buyer .
beleaguered scandinavian carrier sas joined the ranks friday of struggling airlines looking for a bigger partner to save them from collapse , as it announced it was in talks but did not say with whom .
european stock markets closed higher friday , with the london ftse ### index up #.## percent to #,###.## points .
a greek insurance company was slapped with a ##,### euro -lrb- ##,### dollar -rrb- fine for refusing to sell life insurance to a homosexual man , a data watchdog authority told afp on friday .
deutsche bank struck a deal friday to buy a stake in germany 's largest retail bank postbank for #.## billion euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in the country 's latest major banking tie-up .
tens of thousands of workers demonstrated at volkswagen 's headquarters friday against what they see as threats to their jobs from porsche 's takeover efforts and from eu regulators .
serbian nationalist leader tomislav nikolic said friday he will form a moderate party open to european union integration after abandoning the ultra-nationalist radical party .
european foreign ministers will seek monday to persuade leaders in russian - influenced belarus to hold democratic elections this month , holding out promises of aid given and sanctions taken away .
flowers , candles and stirring notes adorned the site where a tiny body was fished out of a tel aviv river , which was positively <unk> on friday as that of a french girl allegedly murdered by her israeli grandfather .
the us state department announced friday it has informed venezuela 's ambassador to washington that `` he will be expelled '' in retaliation for the expulsion of the us envoy to caracas .
us stocks retreated friday as market angst remained high on fears about the fate of two troubled financial firms , lehman brothers and washington mutual .
afghan police have arrested three men alleged to have provided international troops with `` wrong information '' that led to air strikes said to have killed more than ## civilians , police said friday .
iranian oil minister gholam hossein nozari on friday warned austrian energy giant omv that it should sign a deal on the nabucco gas pipeline soon or tehran might look for other partners .
us president george w. bush said friday he was `` deeply concerned '' about the threat hurricane ike posed to his adoptive home state of texas and urged residents to heed official warnings .
pope benedict xvi friday threw his weight behind a call by president nicolas sarkozy to rethink the strict separation of religion and state in france , the `` eldest daughter '' of the catholic church .
berlin brushed off friday comments attributed to liechtenstein 's prince hans - adam ii suggesting that germany today was a `` fourth reich .
french and british firefighters on friday extinguished a <unk> inferno in the channel tunnel but tens of thousands of travellers faced more infuriating delays as they waited for the undersea link to reopen .
the us state department announced friday it has told venezuela 's ambassador to washington that `` he will be expelled '' in retaliation for the expulsion of the us envoy to caracas .
serbian nationalist leader tomislav nikolic said friday he will form a moderate party open to european union integration after abandoning the ultra-nationalist radical party .
oil prices on friday rebounded from six-month lows as hurricane ike forced the closure of energy production facilities in the gulf of mexico , traders said .
a sharp drop in energy costs pulled wholesale prices down #.# percent in august , the labor department reported friday in a sign of easing inflation pressures .
finance ministers from the ## euro countries on friday ruled out a sweeping european stimulus plan to ward off a recession but gave themselves some wiggle room on extra spending .
the european union 's french presidency aims to seal agreement on a sweeping new eu pact to manage immigration on september ## , a senior french diplomat said friday .
georgian president mikheil saakashvili will face `` tough questions '' over his handling of the crisis with russia , a top politician said friday , joining opposition criticism of the georgian leader .
twenty-two people were stranded aboard a freighter that lost power in the gulf of mexico in hurricane ike 's path , and the us coast guard was weighing rescue options limited by the storm , a coast guard spokesman said .
greece 's merchant marine minister george voulgarakis resigned friday over a controversial monastery property deal involving his wife .
south africa 's anc party whose president , jacob zuma , saw his corruption charges thrown out friday , championed the campaign against apartheid before becoming the country 's ruling party .
spain , among the nations in europe most affected by desertification , will set up a climate change research institute in the northeastern city of zaragoza , environment minister elena espinosa said friday .
finland has told slovenia it can not intervene in a probe into whether finnish defense firm patria paid bribes to slovenia 's prime minister to win a contract , after ljubljana urged helsinki to act .
russian diplomatic and military officials held talks with their iranian and syrian counterparts friday , amid tensions with the west following russia 's conflict with georgia last month .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov will visit the separatist georgian regions of abkhazia and south ossetia next week , russian news agencies quoted officials as saying on friday .
fresh separatist protests rocked revolt-hit indian kashmir on friday , leaving two people dead and ## others injured when police fired teargas and bullets , police said .
the un yugoslav war crimes court 's chief prosecutor serge brammertz will meet eu foreign ministers in brussels monday on his recent visit to serbia , his office said .
world powers supervising bosnia 's peace accords voiced concern friday at a bosnian serb decision to pull out of the state power transmission company and form their own .
us stocks opened lower friday as the market retrenched on fears about the fate of two troubled financial firms , lehman brothers and washington mutual .
greece 's merchant marine minister george voulgarakis resigned friday over a controversial monastery property deal involving his wife .
the us treasury announced friday it was freezing any us assets of two senior venezuelan officials and a former official after accusing them of aiding colombian rebels involved in drug trafficking .
the european court of human rights has received more than ### complaints of rights violations by georgia since its conflict with moscow last month , the court said friday .
president dmitry medvedev likened georgian military action to the september ## attacks on the united states on friday , while tbilisi said there was still no sign of an end to russian occupation .
the us treasury announced friday it was imposing sanctions on two senior venezuelan officials and one former official after accusing them of aiding colombian rebels involved in drug trafficking .
beleaguered scandinavian airline sas said friday it was in talks about a `` structural solution '' to its problems but did not say with whom , after swedish media reported lufthansa was preparing a bid .
twenty-two people were stranded aboard a freighter that lost power in the gulf of mexico in hurricane ike 's path , and the us coast guard was weighing rescue options limited by the storm , a coast guard spokesman said .
the trial of poland 's last communist leader wojciech jaruzelski , ## , accused of `` communist crimes '' for imposing a #### martial law crackdown , restarted on friday .
defending drivers world champion kimi raikkonen of finland wound up fastest in the friday afternoon session on the opening day of practice for sunday 's italian grand prix .
us retail sales fell #.# percent in august as a government fiscal stimulus faded , with strong automobile sales helping offset a steeper decline , the commerce department said friday .
indian shares could slip further next week , weighed down by concerns of bad news from the us financial market and uncertainty over the future of lehman brothers , dealers said .
india 's industrial output growth hit a five-month high in july , according to data friday that analysts said showed the economy was still resilient despite a slew of aggressive interest rate hikes .
the us state department was friday considering expelling venezuela 's ambassador here in retaliation for the expulsion of the us envoy to caracas , a us official said .
kenyan prime minister raila odinga on friday welcomed a new power-sharing deal reached in zimbabwe and called for its quick implementation to end the political turmoil in the southern african nation .
about ### lebanese , including militant samir kantar , who was freed by israel this summer in a prisoner swap , marched on friday near the us embassy outside beirut to demand the release of five cubans held prisoner in the united states .
a south african court on friday threw out a corruption case against ruling anc party chief jacob zuma , opening the way for him to become the country 's president next year .
the european commission expressed cautious optimism friday about a new power - sharing deal reached in zimbabwe but said that it wants to see how the agreement plays out .
world powers supervising bosnia 's peace accords voiced concern friday at a bosnian serb decision to pull out of the state power transmission company and form their own .
shops throughout china pulled a milk powder suspected of killing one baby and sickening dozens of others from shelves on friday in the latest safety scandal to rock the country 's food industry .
zimbabweans whose lives have been shattered by a deep economic crisis reacted warily friday to a power-sharing agreement agreed by president robert mugabe and the opposition leader .
political parties in indonesia 's aceh province pledged peace friday for the first national elections since government and rebel forces signed a deal to end decades of war .
a polish national died and two others were injured , one seriously , in a brawl on their sailboat in a port of the southern croatian island of hvar , police and media said friday .
inflation in bulgaria eased sharply in august to ##.# percent on a ##-month basis from ##.# percent in july , the national statistics institute said monday .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said friday he and ## nato state ambassadors will next week visit the georgian city of gori , occupied briefly last month by russian forces .
dr congo 's renegade tutsi leader laurent nkunda said friday he asked his troops to withdraw from positions taken over from government forces since fighting resumed in the country 's east last month .
tens of thousands of workers demonstrated at volkswagen headquarters on friday to ward off what they see as threats to their jobs from both porsche and the european commission .
us retail sales unexpectedly fell #.# percent in august , with strong automobile sales helping offset a steeper decline , the commerce department said friday .
a sharp drop in energy costs pulled wholesale prices down #.# percent in august , the labor department reported friday in a sign of easing inflation pressures .
indian shares fell #.## percent on friday as overseas funds sold on concerns the country 's software companies could see a dip in revenues in the upcoming third quarter , dealers said .
experts on friday conducted forensic tests on a tiny body found in a tel aviv river , thought to be that of a french girl allegedly murdered by her grandfather in a case that has transfixed israel .
pope benedict xvi friday threw his weight behind a call by president nicolas sarkozy to rethink the strict separation of religion and state in france , the `` eldest daughter '' of the catholic church .
samak sundaravej has ended his bid to return to power as thailand 's prime minister , officials said friday , after a revolt within the ruling party torpedoed his re-election in parliament .
finance ministers from the ## euro countries on friday ruled out a sweeping european stimulus plan to ward off a recession but gave themselves some wiggle room on extra spending .
president dmitry medvedev likened georgian military action to the september ## attacks on the united states on friday , while tbilisi said there was still no sign of an end to russian occupation .
shops throughout china pulled a milk powder suspected of killing one baby and sickening dozens of others from shelves on friday in the latest safety scandal to rock the country 's food industry .
travellers faced another day of misery friday as the channel tunnel remained closed -- but some in london managed to drown their sorrows with champagne even without going to france .
president hugo chavez has warned venezuela will act militarily if his embattled ally evo morales in bolivia is toppled , after highlighting the recent arrival of two russian tu-### strategic bombers .
britain was plunged into travel turmoil friday as the country 's third largest tour operator went bust at the same time as the channel tunnel remained closed due to a fire .
president robert mugabe and the opposition will wield equal power in a unity government aimed at ending zimbabwe 's protracted political crisis and economic meltdown , sources said friday .
deutsche bank struck a deal friday to buy a stake in germany 's largest retail bank postbank for #.## billion euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in the country 's latest major banking deal .
europe 's main stock markets rose strongly friday on prospects that beleaguered us investment bank lehman brothers might soon be saved and a report that it was in rescue talks , traders said .
the stockholm stock exchange on friday suspended trade in scandinavian airline sas on friday , it said , after the share soared ## percent on rumors lufthansa was preparing a bid for the carrier .
russian president dmitry medvedev on friday said moscow would pursue economic cooperation with asia amid growing tensions between russia and the west over the conflict in georgia .
fresh separatist protests rocked revolt-hit india kashmir on friday , leaving one protester dead and ## others injured when police fired teargas and bullets , police said .
the rival leaders of lebanon 's druze community , speaking at the funeral on friday of a pro-syrian politician , accused foreign powers of being behind his car bomb assassination .
shops throughout china pulled a milk powder suspected of killing one baby and sickening dozens of others from shelves on friday in the latest safety scandal to rock the country 's food industry .
beleaguered swedish car maker volvo , a unit of us auto giant ford , said friday it planned to cut some ### jobs in sweden next year in addition to the #,### cuts worldwide announced in june .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov held talks friday with his iranian counterpart amid western concerns over the two countries ' nuclear cooperation heightened by the georgia crisis .
investors <unk> out of talks to rescue the national airline alitalia on friday , blaming unions for refusing to face up to cutbacks which would avert collapse .
an israeli soldier was sentenced to ## days in prison after a palestinian delivered a stillborn baby when she was delayed at a checkpoint inside the occupied west bank , the army said on friday .
oil prices rose on friday as hurricane ike forced the closure of energy production facilities in the gulf of mexico , traders said .
pope benedict xvi said friday it was `` fundamental '' to uphold the divide between church and state but also recognize religion 's importance for society , at the start of a visit to france .
dutch semi-conductor manufacturer nxp said on friday that it would cut #,### jobs worldwide and sell factories in four countries owing to the tough economic climate .
a chinese court has ruled that ## pilots who resigned from china eastern airlines must pay the carrier a total of #.# million dollars in compensation , state media said friday .
finance ministers from the ## countries sharing the euro ruled out on friday the possibility of a sweeping european stimulus plan to ward off the looming threat of recession .
deutsche post said friday it has sold a ##.## percent stake in its postbank unit to deutsche bank for #.## billion euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- or ##.## euros per share in cash .
pope benedict xvi said friday it was `` fundamental '' to uphold the divide between church and state but also recognize religion 's importance for society , at the start of a visit to france .
australia 's foreign minister stephen smith on friday shot down claims that china is pressing canberra not to supply beijing 's rival india with uranium for nuclear fuel .
president dmitry medvedev on friday likened the georgian assault on south ossetia that sparked last month 's war to the september ## , #### attacks on the united states .
pakistan 's army vowed friday to safeguard the country 's territorial integrity under the leadership of its new democratic government , an official statement said .
thai share prices closed #.## percent higher on friday amid persistent concerns over the current political situation in the country , dealers said .
chinese shares ended flat on friday , scratching out a #.## percent gain as electricity companies were buoyed by hopes the government would raise power prices soon , dealers said .
asian stocks closed mostly higher friday as dealers took a lead from wall street on hopes that troubled us bank lehman brothers could find a suitor .
the european commission expressed cautious optimism friday about a new power - sharing deal reached in zimbabwe but said that it wants to see how the agreement plays out .
samak sundaravej has ended his bid to return to power as thailand 's prime minister , an aide said friday , after a revolt within the ruling party torpedoed his re-election in parliament .
the euro rose against the dollar and yen on friday as markets awaited a potential rescue plan for troubled wall street titan lehman brothers and some important us economic data , dealers said .
president dmitry medvedev on friday likened the georgian assault on south ossetia that sparked last month 's war to the september ## , #### attacks on the united states .
virgin boss richard branson vowed friday to `` wage a major battle '' to block a proposed merger between his competitors british airways and american airlines .
finnish airline finnair said friday it would start flights from helsinki to istanbul in turkey next march to serve business and leisure passengers .
four people were murdered in eastern burundi in a revenge raid for the death of a villager allegedly caused by an act of witchcraft , police told afp friday .
bells tolled on paris churches friday to greet pope benedict xvi for a four-day visit to a country facing a freefall in the number of churchgoers despite its deep christian heritage .
indonesian shares slumped #.# percent friday , hurt by worries that the rupiah will continue to fall despite high interest rates , dealers said .
a south african court on friday threw out a corruption case against ruling anc party chief jacob zuma , who is at the forefront in the race to become the country 's president .
indian shares fell #.## percent on friday , as overseas funds sold on concerns that india 's software companies could see a dip in revenues in the upcoming third quarter , dealers said .
a dozen people including a key separatist were injured friday when police fired teargas to disperse thousands of muslims protesting india 's rule in kashmir , police said .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin vowed thursday not to `` blink '' in pursuit of america 's `` righteous '' war in iraq and insisted she was ready to step in as president if needed .
the trial restarted <unk> of poland 's last communist leader wojciech jaruzelski , ## , accused of `` communist crimes '' for imposing the #### martial law crackdown re-opened .
italian industrial output slumped by #.# percent in july from the june level , more than expected and adding to concern about possible recession , official data showed on friday .
thai share prices closed #.## percent higher on friday amid persistent concerns over the current political situation in the country , dealers said .
a south african court on friday threw out a corruption case against ruling anc party chief jacob zuma , who is at the forefront in the race to become the country 's president .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent higher friday amid rising plantation and financial stocks but political tensions capped sentiment , dealers said .
finnish president tarja halonen on friday ratified the european union 's lisbon treaty , giving the final approval for the deal adopted by finland 's parliament by a large majority in june .
dr congo 's renegade tutsi colonel laurent nkunda said friday he asked his troops to withdraw from positions taken over from government forces since fighting resumed in the country 's east last month .
italian investors pulled out of talks to rescue the national airline alitalia on friday , saying unions refused to face up to the `` dramatic '' crisis in the company and the need for cutbacks .
a taiwanese man was indicted on friday for allegedly kicking former president chen shui-bian in the rear , an official at the taipei district prosecutor 's office said .
british muslims condemned as deeply offensive friday a computer game called `` muslim massacre , '' which trumpets itself as a `` game of modern religious genocide .
sri lanka 's tamil tiger chief has paid tribute to the suicide bombers who killed at least ## people in an attack on a northern military base , a pro-rebel website said friday .
indonesian shares slumped #.# percent friday , hurt by worries that the rupiah will continue to fall despite high interest rates , dealers said .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent higher friday amid rising plantation and financial stocks but political tensions capped sentiment , dealers said .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on friday , as weakness in chinese banks offset earlier gains in property developers and energy firms , dealers said .
pope benedict xvi arrived in paris friday for a four-day visit to a country facing a freefall in the number of churchgoers despite its deep christian heritage .
massive hurricane ike friday bore down on houston , texas friday , forcing hundreds of thousands to flee and sparking a dire warning that those remaining in low-lying areas `` face certain death .
indonesian shares slumped #.# percent friday , hurt by worries that the rupiah will continue to fall despite high interest rates , dealers said .
australian stocks were likely to underperform global stocks in the coming week , after a volatile week of trading , dealers said friday .
workers began gathering at volkswagen headquarters friday for a mass demo against two beasts they see as threatening their jobs -- porsche 's boss and the european commission .
india 's industrial output grew faster than expected in july , official data showed friday , but economists said the strong performance might be a `` temporary blip .
italian industrial output slumped by #.# percent in july from the june level , more than expected and adding to concern about possible recession , official data showed on friday .
french and british firefighters on friday slowly mastered a #,### degree inferno in the channel tunnel but tens of thousands of travellers faced extended disruption .
the head of south africa 's ruling party jacob zuma was in court friday for a ruling on his bid to scrap his graft trial , which could end his hopes to lead the country next year .
five european mobile telephone operators released a study friday aimed at proving that eu plans to force them to cut certain mobile phone costs will not reduce prices for consumers .
travellers between britain and france faced another day of misery friday as the channel tunnel remained closed after a fierce fire , with many still struggling to make alternative arrangements .
australian share prices closed up #.# percent on friday after a strong lead from wall street , dealers said .
pope benedict xvi arrived friday in france for his first visit to the `` eldest daughter '' of the roman catholic church since he succeeded john paul ii .
eu finance chiefs struggled on friday to map out a strategy to avert recession in europe , as berlin rejected the idea of a sweeping european stimulus package to revive the flagging economy .
oil prices rose on friday as hurricane ike forced the closure of energy production facilities in the gulf of mexico , traders said .
dutch semi-conductor manufacturer nxp said on friday that it would cut #,### jobs worldwide and sell factories in four countries owing to the tough economic climate .
chinese shares ended flat on friday , scratching out a #.## percent gain as electricity companies were buoyed by hopes the government would raise power prices soon , dealers said .
prominent malaysian blogger raja petra <unk> , who has targeted government figures on his website , was arrested friday under internal security laws that allow for detention without trial .
taiwan share prices are expected to stage a rebound next week as institutional investors show interest in badly hit blue chips after recent heavy losses , dealers said .
zimbabweans on friday awaited details of a power-sharing deal to end a political crisis after tortuous talks centred on how much authority veteran leader robert mugabe would cede to the opposition .
finnish president tarja halonen on friday ratified the european union 's lisbon treaty , giving the final approval for the deal adopted by finland 's parliament by a large majority in june .
the eurogroup of eurozone finance ministers on friday backed luxembourg 's jean - claude juncker for a third term as their chairman , his spokesman said .
pope benedict xvi was on his way to france friday for his first visit to the `` eldest daughter '' of the roman catholic church since he succeeded john paul ii .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on friday , as weakness in china banks has offset earlier gains in property developers and energy firms , dealers said .
tens of millions of koreans are heading for their home towns during the autumn harvest holiday starting saturday but wallets are thinner this year due to the economic slowdown .
dutch semi-conductor manufacturer nxp said on friday that it would cut #,### jobs worldwide and sell factories in four countries .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from thursday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
south korean shares closed #.# percent higher friday on revived hopes for a sale of lehman brothers and a continued fall in oil prices , analysts said .
sri lanka 's tamil tiger chief has paid tribute to ## suicide bombers who killed at least ## people in an attack on a northern military base , a pro-rebel website said friday .
the eurogroup of eurozone finance ministers on friday backed luxembourg 's jean - claude juncker for a third term as their chairman , his spokesman said .
russian troops still held positions deep in georgia on friday , one month after a truce brought a supposed end to the conflict and with moscow ratcheting up its war of words with the west .
a fire in the channel tunnel sent shares in operator eurotunnel falling three percent on friday , but the company insisted the financial damage would be `` limited .
china reported an easing in industrial output friday , providing further evidence its economy is slowing amid a global slump and reinforcing expectations beijing will move to spur growth .
gas-rich qatar is bracing to show its diplomatic mettle again with an arab league mandate to try to broker peace in sudan 's war-ravaged darfur region .
chinese shares ended flat on friday , scratching out a #.## percent gain as electricity companies were buoyed by hopes the government would raise power prices soon , dealers said .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin vowed thursday not to `` blink '' in pursuit of america 's `` righteous '' war in iraq and insisted she was ready to step in as president if needed .
german finance minister peer steinbrueck rejected friday the idea of a european stimulus plan to revitalise the economy , as eu finance chiefs gathered to map out a way to avert a recession .
taiwan 's ex-president chen shui-bian , who is embroiled in embezzlement and money-laundering allegations , denied friday that he was eyeing a fresh bid for office in #### .
us ties with `` war on terror '' ally pakistan are strained after us commandos unilaterally launched ground assaults on militants on pakistani soil , drawing fire from the military chief in islamabad .
two churchgoers in australia duped women into taking part in sex acts during fake prayer sessions by promising to lift black magic curses on them , police said friday .
barack obama is unleashing both of the democratic party 's heaviest hitters -- bill and hillary clinton -- as he battles to fend off a revitalized republican ticket in the white house election .
experts on friday conducted forensic tests on a tiny body found in a tel aviv river , thought to be that of a french girl allegedly murdered by her grandfather in a case that has transfixed israel .
deutsche bank is set to seal a deal friday to buy just under ## percent in germany 's biggest retail bank postbank for as much as three billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- , press reports said .
pope benedict xvi left rome on friday for a four-day trip to france .
australian officials friday charged three men over the death of a woman from a date rape drug overdose on a holiday cruise , including one who had sex with her hours before she died .
german finance minister peer <unk> rejected friday the idea of a european stimulus plan to revitalise the economy , as eu finance chiefs gathered to map out a way to avert a recession .
the united states faced growing challenges friday in latin america after venezuela received what the us called `` cold war era '' bombers from russia and joined bolivia in ordering out the us ambassador .
new zealand share prices rose #.## percent friday with sentiment tracking the positive turnaround on wall street , dealers said .
world oil prices climbed in asian trade friday as hurricane ike hammered the southern us coast , forcing oil and gas production facilities in the area to shut down , dealers said .
malaysia 's opposition admitted friday it might not meet its goal of seizing power by next week as it sent a delegation to pursue potential defectors from the government on a trip to taiwan .
new zealand share prices rose #.## percent friday with sentiment tracking the postive turnaround on wall street , dealers said .
australian share prices closed up #.# percent on friday after a strong lead from wall street , dealers said .
chinese authorities announced a nationwide probe friday into a milk powder suspected of killing one baby and sickening dozens of others , in the latest safety scandal to rock china 's food industry .
south korean shares closed #.# percent higher friday as sentiment was lifted by wall street gains , following speculation that lehman brothers is in talks on a possible sale , analysts said .
the us-led coalition in afghanistan said friday its soldiers had killed more than ## militants in an operation to find a taliban rebel involved in bomb attacks and helping foreign militants .
the dollar had mixed fortunes against other major currencies in asian trade friday as markets waited for a potential rescue plan for troubled wall street titan lehman brothers , dealers said .
massive hurricane ike friday bore down on houston , the fourth largest us city , sending hundreds of thousands fleeing amid a warning that those remaining in low-lying areas `` face certain death .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher friday as bargain hunting helped the market recoup early losses amid economic concerns , dealers said .
prime minister ehud olmert has stressed his determination to step down immediately after his centrist kadima party holds its leadership election , israeli public radio reported on friday .
prominent malaysian blogger raja petra <unk> , who has targeted government figures on his website , was arrested friday under internal security laws , his wife said .
firefighters struggled friday to put out a blaze on a freight shuttle in the channel tunnel that injured six people and forced the closure of the undersea link , officials said .
new zealand 's prime minister helen clark called general elections for november # friday with her labor party behind in opinion polls amid a slowing economy and her foreign minister facing the axe .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher friday as bargain hunting helped the market recoup early losses amid economic concerns , dealers said .
thousands of police deployed across areas of indian kashmir on friday ahead of protests called by muslim separatists in the region .
the airport in afghanistan 's western city of herat was closed friday after a rocket attack overnight , police said .
hong kong share prices ended the morning up #.# percent on friday , supported by gains in property developers and energy firms , dealers said .
an australian state moved closer to decriminalising abortion friday as a hard - fought bill passed through its lower house of parliament following a ##-hour debate , officials said .
chinese share prices edged up #.## percent by midday friday , led by electricity companies amid hopes the government would raise power prices soon , dealers said .
hong kong 's largest energy company china light and power -lrb- clp -rrb- is looking to invest in a liquefied natural gas processing plant on the mainland , reports said on friday .
republican vice presidential hopeful sarah palin sent her son off to fight for a `` righteous cause '' thursday as his army unit prepared to deploy to iraq .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on friday amid renewed apprehension about inflation and the local currency as well as credit problems in the united states , dealers said .
typhoon sinlaku churned towards taiwan on friday , threatening to bring heavy downpors and strong winds and disrupt celebrations for a major holiday .
chinese authorities announced a nationwide probe friday into a milk powder suspected of killing one baby and sickening dozens of others , in the latest safety scandal to rock china 's food chain .
a south korean lobbyist jailed for his role in the united nations oil-for-food scandal returned home friday after his release from a us prison .
thailand 's political turmoil <unk> friday when the ruling coalition failed to <unk> to parliament to reelect leader samak sundaravej as prime minister .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on friday amid renewed apprehension about inflation and the local currency and credit problems in the united states , dealers said .
malaysia 's opposition admitted it might not meet its goal of seizing power by next week as it sent a delegation to pursue potential defectors from the government on a trip to taiwan .
firefighters struggled friday to put out a blaze on a freight shuttle in the channel tunnel that injured six people and forced the closure of the undersea link , officials said .
sylvia monika <unk> is a catholic from poland , but in an effort to integrate better into south lebanon 's conservative society she has traded her un peacekeeper 's beret for a headscarf during the muslim holy month of ramadan .
new zealand 's prime minister helen clark called general elections for november # friday with her labor party behind in opinion polls amid a slowing economy and her foreign minister facing the axe .
barack obama , after a bruising week of lipstick on pigs and other taunts on the white house campaign trail , returns to the cult tv show `` saturday night live '' this weekend , aides said late thursday .
growth in china 's industrial output eased to ##.# percent in august from a year earlier , the government said on friday , providing further evidence the nation 's economy is slowing .
world oil prices climbed in asian trade friday as powerful hurricane ike hammered the southern us coast , forcing the shutdown of oil and gas production facilities in the area , dealers said .
australia 's defense minister has criticised the slow progress in the war in afghanistan and warned that public support for the effort will wane unless results come soon .
republican white house candidate john mccain and his democratic rival barack obama wrapped up a one-day truce thursday by offering each other jobs -- only not the presidency .
the thai parliament friday postponed until next week a vote on whether to return samak sundaravej as prime minister after lawmakers from the ruling coalition failed to show up .
chinese share prices were slightly higher friday morning led by the electricity companies amid expectations the government may raise power prices soon , dealers said .
the dollar was steady in asian trade friday as markets waited for further developments surrounding troubled lehman brothers and looked ahead to earnings results from us banks next week , dealers said .
hong kong share prices opened #.# percent down on friday , tracking falls on china bourses , dealers said .
the two ideas sound like a joke : make fuel from water as global oil prices soar , and produce three crops from a single planting of a new rice strain called `` super toy <unk> '' .
pro-government demonstrators gathered outside thailand 's parliament friday under a heavy police presence ahead of a vote on whether to return samak sundaravej as prime minister .
russian troops prepared friday to start a tentative pull-out from georgia as moscow vowed to strengthen its military after last month 's war and turned its diplomatic fire on ukraine .
the philippines military on friday accused muslim separatist rebels of using child soldiers , citing as evidence a video captured in recent fighting in the south .
at the end of a sandy track in the shadow of some of egypt 's lesser-known pyramids , osama bin laden 's son omar broke the ramadan fast on the anniversary of the #\/## attacks in the name of world peace .
lehman brothers shares plunged further thursday as fears intensified about the survival of the troubled wall street investment giant .
the coastal city of galveston , texas faces complete inundation from hurricane ike , and those who stay behind in one - or two-story homes `` will face certain death , '' the national hurricane center said thursday .
growth in china 's industrial output slowed to ##.# percent in august from a year earlier , the national bureau of statistics said on friday .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin vowed thursday not to `` blink '' in pursuit of america 's `` righteous '' war in iraq and insisted she was ready to step in as president if needed .
white house rivals john mccain and barack obama made a dramatic show of unity thursday with a visit to ground zero on the emotional seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
the coastal city of galveston , texas faces complete inundation from hurricane ike , and those who stay behind in one - or two-storey homes `` will face certain death , '' the national hurricane center said thursday .
republican white house candidate john mccain and his democrat rival barack obama wrapped up a one-day truce thursday by offering each other jobs -- only not the presidency .
south africa 's ruling party chief jacob zuma , whose supporters vowed to crush any opposition to his becoming president of the country , will hear friday if corruption charges against him will go to court .
pope benedict xvi begins his first visit to france on friday , hoping to strengthen president nicolas sarkozy 's call for a more positive view of christian values in europe .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from thursday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
prime minister helen clark announced friday that new zealand will go to the polls on november # .
hundreds of thousands of people fled thursday in a mandatory evacuation of parts of houston , jamming roads leading away from the fourth largest us city and the us gulf coast as deadly hurricane ike bore down on texas .
zimbabweans on friday waited to hear details of a power-sharing deal reached by the country 's political rivals in a bid to end a bitter crisis after marathon talks that centred on how much authority president robert mugabe would cede .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday stoked fears of further widespread unrest and possibly even civil war , amid a furore over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
white house rivals john mccain and barack obama made a dramatic show of unity thursday with a visit to ground zero on the emotional seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
the us congress said thursday it would examine a landmark civilian nuclear agreement with india sent for approval by the white house , as leaders of the two countries prepared to meet this month .
south korea said friday it has postponed an overseas sale of sovereign bonds worth one billion dollars due to concerns over liquidity and the health of north korea 's leader .
new zealand will go to the polls on november # , prime minister helen clark announced friday .
president hugo chavez of venezuela threatened on thursday to halt the supply of oil to the united states , its main client , if washington attacks his government .
south korean shares started more than two percent higher friday as investor sentiment was lifted by overnight gains in us markets .
venezuelan president hugo chavez on thursday ordered the us ambassador to leave the country within ## hours , in an act of solidarity with bolivia which also expelled its us envoy .
the computer chip industry on friday celebrated the ##th birthday of the integrated circuit , a breakthrough that set the stage for the internet and the digital age .
a us astronaut of mexican origin , part of the crew for an atlantis space shuttle voyage in july #### , presented a project for a mexican space agency to senators here friday .
a train collision on friday near los angeles has left between ## and ## people dead , the city 's mayor announced .
typhoon sinlaku lashed taiwan on saturday with powerful winds and heavy rains across the island that disrupted flights and train services as well as celebrations for a major holiday .
about ###,### people in brazoria county in southern texas , which is being hammered by hurricane ike , have decided to ride out the storm in their home and ignore appeals for evacuation , authorities said friday .
a passenger train collided head-on with a freight train friday near los angeles , killing at least two people and wounding ## , ## of them seriously , authorities said .
the united states summoned friday malaysia 's top envoy in washington to protest its crackdown on dissent at a time when the opposition was attempting to take over power in kuala lumpur .
six ex-ministers on saturday warned british prime minister gordon brown to sharpen up his act , piling on the pressure after a government member broke ranks and called for a leadership challenge .
freight services resumed through the channel tunnel and eurostar passenger services were due to make a gradual comeback early saturday after a blaze shut down the busy link between britain and mainland europe leaving thousands stranded .
gigantic hurricane ike pounded the texas gulf coast on friday , flooding parts of galveston and threatening `` catastrophic '' destruction as it heads on a path towards houston , the fourth largest us city .
a pilot has successfully landed an aircraft in the antarctica using night-vision goggles , a feat hailed saturday as historic and could lead to year-round flights to the frozen continent .
gale-force winds friday forced the us coast guard to abort a rescue of ## crewmembers stranded aboard a freighter drifting in the gulf of mexico as hurricane ike barreled toward the texas coast , the coast guard said .
pope benedict xvi on saturday leads an expected ###,### followers in an open-air mass in paris to celebrate his first official visit to france , the `` eldest daughter '' of the catholic church .
a moderate #.#-magnitude earthquake struck eastern indonesia saturday , geologists said , but there were no immediate reports of damage or casualties .
mauritania 's national assembly on sunday voted to delay presidential elections by `` ## to ## months '' so as to establish constitutional order following an august # coup .
ukraine 's pro-western groups said they had still not resolved their differences sunday as a deadline over the governing coalition 's breakup expired at the weekend .
the un 's world food programme has bought more than #,### tonnes -lrb- #,### us tons -rrb- of barley for sahrawi refugees living since #### near tindouf , south-west algeria , the food aid organization said in a statement sunday .
the european union on monday proposed updating a world trade organisation agreement on high-technology products to include new models and neutralise a complaint from the united states , japan and taiwan .
britain 's main association of business leaders became the latest group monday to warn that the country was slipping into a recession , although it said the downturn should be short-lived .
a last-ditch effort to find a buyer for troubled wall street investment bank lehman brothers appeared near collapse sunday as british bank barclays pulled out of talks .
rescuers searched hurricane ike 's trail of destruction and floods for survivors sunday , amid news that at least three people were killed by the storm in the <unk> port city of galveston .
the european union on monday proposed updating a world trade organisation agreement on high-technology products to include new models and neutralise a complaint from the united states , japan and taiwan .
london fashion week got under way sunday with seasoned irish designer paul costelloe presenting his spring-summer #### collection , but the event faces a battle for survival .
spain 's king juan carlos and queen sofia presided sunday over the closing ceremony of the #### world expo in zaragoza , which organisers said was visited by nearly six million people over three months .
us investment giant lehman brothers was heading for possible liquidation late sunday after the front-runner to bail-out the embattled firm , barclays , pulled out of negotiations .
barack obama 's campaign announced sunday a record fundraising haul of ## million dollars in august , amassing a big advantage over john mccain in the closing stretch of the white house race .
bolivia can expect `` serious consequences '' for starting a diplomatic row with the united states , the us ambassador to the country said as he was being booted out .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov embarked sunday on a tour of the georgian rebel regions at the center of last month 's war , drawing furious condemnation from tbilisi .
pope benedict xvi on sunday celebrated mass before ###,### faithful in the shrine town of lourdes before urging french bishops to defend church doctrine on marriage and divorce .
the most prominent militant group in oil-rich southern nigeria on sunday said it had declared an `` oil war '' and threatened all international industry vessels that approach the region .
the un nuclear watchdog iaea will publish its latest report on iran 's nuclear program as early as monday afternoon , sources close to the agency said sunday .
a moroccan islamic theologian repeated his claims sunday that muslim girls could marry as early as nine years old , arguing it was sanctioned by the prophet mohammed .
rescuers sunday searched hurricane ike 's trail of destruction and floods for survivors , with fears mounting of a gasoline crunch after the monster storm hammered the us oil hub and left millions without power .
two american soldiers died on sunday in iraq of non-combat related injuries , the us military said .
two american soldiers died on sunday in iraq of non-combat related injuries , the us military said without offering details .
us oil giant chevron sunday confirmed a shooting incident at one of its facilities in southern nigeria , after a top militia group declared an `` oil war '' in the region .
us oil giant chevron sunday confirmed a shooting incident at one of its facilities in southern nigeria after a top militia group declared an `` oil war '' in the region .
germany 's fast-growing jewish community opened a new synagogue sunday in the western city of krefeld seven decades after its destruction by the nazis , hailing it as a symbol of flourishing jewish life .
`` the visitor '' , a social drama written and directed by tom mccarthy , won the grand prize at the deauville american film festival sunday .
spain on sunday condemned the coordinated bomb attacks on busy shopping areas in india that left at least ## dead and close to ### injured .
pope benedict xvi on sunday celebrated mass before ###,### faithful in the shrine town of lourdes before urging french bishops to defend church doctrine on marriage and divorce .
crude oil prices dropped nearly two dollars sunday in new york , dipping to ##.## dollars , as traders were reassured over hurricane ike 's relatively limited effect on oil production in the us gulf coast region .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov embarked sunday on a tour of the georgian rebel regions at the center of last month 's war , drawing furious condemnation from tbilisi .
a flurry of attacks by somali pirates is wreaking havoc with maritime traffic in the gulf of aden and indian ocean amid complicated negotiations over the release of two kidnapped french sailors .
israel ordered the closure of crossings into the gaza strip after a rocket fired from the hamas-ruled territory struck southern israel on sunday , shaking a fragile truce three-month truce .
crude oil prices dropped nearly two dollars sunday in new york , dipping below ### dollars a barrel at ##.## dollars , as traders were reassured over hurricane ike 's relatively limited effect on oil production in the us gulf coast region .
pope benedict xvi said sunday the church will not open up to divorced roman catholics who remarry , upholding his conservative stance during a visit to france .
london fashion week got under way sunday with seasoned irish designer paul costelloe presenting his spring-summer #### collection , but the event faces a battle for survival .
riot police clashed sunday with pro-independence basque demonstrators and detained four people in the northern spanish city of san sebastian , a spokesman for the basque government said .
a french plan that could see high school students awarded medals for good academic performance met with derision on sunday from parents and students , who mocked it as a `` <unk> '' pr exercise .
john mccain 's camp sunday hit back on sunday after barack obama 's campaign charged his white house bid was based on `` disgusting lies , '' accusing democrats of reeling in `` full <unk> panic .
rescuers sunday searched hurricane ike 's trail of destruction and floods for survivors , with fears mounting of a gasoline crunch after the monster storm hammered the us oil hub and left millions without power .
soldiers were hunting a rebel governor in bolivia on sunday as president evo morales struggled to assert his authority over opposition regions amid worsening unrest .
prosecutors called on sunday for a us soldier to face court martial for the murder of an iraqi detainee after two days of testimony at a pre-trial hearing .
the most prominent militant group in oil-rich southern nigeria on sunday said it had declared an `` oil war '' and threatened all international industry vessels that approach the region .
sudanese president omar al-beshir has sacked minister for cabinet affairs pagan <unk> , who is also a top official in the southern former rebel movement , a spokesman said on sunday .
an aeroflot boeing-### jet crashed sunday on the outskirts of perm in russia 's ural mountains killing all ## passengers and crew on board .
myanmar 's detained democracy leader aung san suu kyi met for several hours with her physician sunday amid worries for her health after her party said she was not accepting food .
dubai 's emirates airline said on sunday it was still in talks with airbus about the delayed delivery of a second a### superjumbo .
indian police hunted sunday for muslim militants behind coordinated bomb attacks against busy shopping areas in the nation 's capital that left ## dead and close to ### injured .
a global forum on migration wrapped up sunday in spain with a march through the streets of madrid by some #,### people to demand more rights for immigrants around the world , organisers said .
sudanese president omar al-beshir has sacked minister for cabinet affairs pagan <unk> , who is also a top official in the southern former rebel movement , a spokesman said on sunday .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov embarked sunday on a diplomatic tour of the breakaway georgian regions at the center of last month 's five-day war .
six children were killed in a bomb explosion in afghanistan sunday while a suicide car bomb blew up a marked united nations vehicle and killed two afghan doctors and a driver , officials said .
a small british tour operator specialising in holidays in turkey has ceased trading just days after the collapse of another group , xl leisure , left ##,### holidaymakers stranded , regulators said sunday .
pope benedict xvi urged more than ###,### followers at mass sunday in the french shrine town of lourdes to hold firm in their faith , telling them `` love is stronger than evil .
saudi arabia 's top judge sought on sunday to tone down a controversial religious edict sanctioning the killing of owners of television stations that air `` debauchery .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert vowed to combat west bank settler violence sunday as the cabinet mulled an <unk> plan to compensate israelis for quitting parts of the occupied territory .
an iraqi translator told a us soldier 's pre-trial hearing on sunday of the gruesome murder of a detainee who was shot and later had his face disfigured by an incendiary grenade .
the iraqi parliament lifted the immunity of sunni mp mithal <unk> on sunday for visiting israel last week to attend an international conference on terrorism .
pakistan vowed sunday to defend itself against violations of its air space and incursions by us forces in afghanistan .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov embarked sunday on a diplomatic tour of the breakaway georgian regions at the center of last month 's five-day war .
a court judgment implying south african president thabo mbeki 's government meddled in a graft case against his chief rival will be discussed by the ruling party this week , officials said sunday .
spain 's king juan carlos and queen sofia will sunday preside over the closing ceremony of the #### world expo in the eastern city of zaragoza which received over #.# million visitors over three months .
the trial of ## alleged darfur rebels accused of taking part in an unprecedented attack on the sudanese capital in may was adjourned on sunday after six defendants said they were minors .
at least six people , including an african union -lrb- au -rrb- peacekeeper , were killed sunday in two separate incidents in the somali capital , witnesses and officials said .
british prime minister gordon brown faced growing calls sunday for a leadership contest as more than a dozen lawmakers from his governing labor party attacked his performance .
the most prominent militant group in oil-rich southern nigeria on sunday said it had declared an `` oil war '' and threatened all international industry vessels that approach the region .
the iraqi parliament lifted the immunity of sunni mp mithal <unk> on sunday for visiting israel last week to attend an international conference on terrorism .
president george w. bush said sunday he would travel to texas this week to offer support to those affected by hurricane ike , which caused flooding and damage after striking the us gulf coast .
china vowed sunday to improve its food safety supervision after more than ### babies fell ill from drinking contaminated milk powder , as a new zealand company said it knew about the problem weeks ago .
a flurry of attacks by somali pirates is wreaking havoc with maritime traffic in the gulf of aden and indian ocean amid complicated negotiations over the release of two kidnapped french sailors .
pakistan 's new president , asif ali zardari , will discuss the conflict with taliban and al-qaeda militants in the northern tribal areas with british leaders this week , officials said sunday .
president george w. bush said on sunday he would travel to texas on tuesday to offer sympathy and government support to those affected by hurricane ike , which caused flooding and damage after striking the us gulf coast on saturday .
india needs to be more aware of cybercrime , experts said sunday , after extremists again apparently hacked in to an internet connection to claim responsibility for a new round of deadly bomb attacks .
iraq 's parliament on sunday lifted the immunity of sunni lawmaker mithal <unk> for visiting israel last week to attend an international conference to fight terrorism , an afp correspondent reported .
a bomb blast sunday in central afghanistan killed six children and wounded ## , some of them critically , a local official said .
a bomb blast sunday in central afghanistan killed six children and wounded ## , some of them critically , a local official said .
the most prominent militant group in oil-rich southern nigeria on sunday said it had declared an `` oil war '' and threatened all international industry vessels that approach the region .
the most prominent militant group in oil-rich southern nigeria , mend , on sunday said it had declared an `` oil war '' and threatened all international industry vessels that approach the region .
iraqi police on sunday arrested five men suspected of involvement in the brutal kidnapping and killing on saturday of a four-member team from the al-sharqiya television channel , police said .
an aeroflot boeing-### jet crashed sunday on the outskirts of perm in russia 's ural mountains killing all ## passengers and crew on board , the airline said .
iran 's former president mohammad khatami criticised the government 's confrontational foreign policy , saying it plays into the hands of the enemy , in comments reported on sunday .
zimbabwe 's leaders are set to sign a historic deal monday to divide power among political rivals after months of ruinous standoff between president robert mugabe and the opposition .
indian police hunted sunday for muslim militants behind coordinated bomb attacks against busy shopping areas in the nation 's capital that left ## dead and close to ### injured .
kuwaiti stocks dived below the ##,###-point mark on sunday for the first time in nine months , with traders blaming a shortage in liquidity .
an austrian hunter tried to shoot down a parked car , mistaking it for a wild boar late friday near <unk> , in eastern austria , the national news agency apa reported .
iraqi police on sunday arrested five men suspected of involvement in the brutal kidnapping and killing on saturday of a four-member team from the al-sharqiya television channel , police said .
israel 's cabinet on sunday discussed the most detailed plan ever offered to compensate settlers for leaving their homes in parts of the west bank ahead of a future peace deal with the palestinians .
us republican vice presidential pick sarah palin faced accusations sunday of handing jobs to friends while serving as alaska state governor , as the presidential campaign grew increasingly negative .
a suicide car bomb claimed by the taliban killed two afghan doctors and a driver working for the united nations and wounded several other people in afghanistan sunday , the un said .
israel expressed outrage on sunday after a mob of jewish settlers rampaged through a palestinian village in the west bank to avenge the stabbing of a nine - year-old boy in a nearby settlement .
thailand 's acting prime minister lifted the state of emergency in bangkok sunday as the ruling party met to choose a new candidate for premier , but the nation 's political turmoil looks set to drag on .
an iraqi translator told a us soldier 's pre-trial hearing on sunday about the gruesome murder of a detainee who was shot and later had his face disfigured by an incendiary grenade .
us president george w. bush was set to meet with his top disaster relief aides sunday to discuss assistance to victims of hurricane ike , the white house said .
pope benedict xvi celebrated an open-air mass in the french town of lourdes on sunday , leading more than ###,### faithful in prayer at one of the most revered roman catholic shrines .
the crash of an <unk> passenger jet near perm in the ural mountains on sunday is the latest in a string of russian air disasters in recent years .
philippine troops backed by artillery overran a muslim rebel base in the restive south on sunday after heavy fighting , afp photographers and the military said .
turkmen police fought lengthy gun battles with a gang of drug dealers , officials said sunday , after reports ## police had been killed in the clashes in the capital of the reclusive central asian state .
iranian mps critical of remarks about israel by a close aide of president mahmoud ahmadinejad began new moves on sunday to strip him of his position as vice president , the fars news agency reported .
latin america , often treated as a subjugate region in the past by its powerful northern neighbor the united states , this week rattled washington when several leftwing nations moved as a bloc to deal a diplomatic blow .
lebanon 's rival political leaders meet on tuesday for talks set to focus on the divisive issue of hezbollah 's weapons as lebanon grapples with new security concerns after another deadly bombing .
israel 's cabinet on sunday discussed the most detailed plan ever offered to compensate settlers for leaving their homes in parts of the west bank ahead of a future peace deal with the palestinians .
an aeroflot boeing-### jet crashed near a ural mountains city sunday killing all ## passengers and crew on board , after reportedly catching fire in the sky , the airline said .
north korean state media sunday reported official activities by leader kim jong - il but a new report indicated his health may be worse than earlier believed following a stroke .
more witnesses are set to testify on sunday against a us soldier on the second day of a pre-trial hearing on charges of murdering an iraqi detainee by shooting him and then burning him with an incendiary grenade .
traditionally focused on the threat from rival pakistan , india must now deal with an apparently home-grown islamist group , experts said on sunday after deadly bombs hit new delhi .
new zealand dairy giant fonterra said sunday it knew last month its chinese joint venture partner was selling contaminated milk which has since caused at least one death .
the pre-trial hearing of a us soldier charged with murdering an iraqi entered its second day on sunday at a military base near tikrit , the hometown of executed dictator saddam hussein .
china vowed sunday to improve its food safety supervision after confirming ### babies suffered kidney stones and at least one died after drinking contaminated milk powder .
canadian-american star architect frank gehry may hold top billing at the ##th venice biennale of architecture when he receives the golden lion award for his career later this week .
israel expressed outrage on sunday after a mob of jewish settlers rampaged through a palestinian village in the west bank to avenge the stabbing of a nine - year-old boy in a nearby settlement .
pakistan 's new president , asif ali zardari , will discuss the conflict with taliban and al-qaeda militants in the northern tribal areas with british leaders this week , officials said sunday .
an aeroflot boeing-### jet crashed near a ural mountains city sunday killing all ## passengers and crew on board , after reportedly catching fire in the sky , the airline said .
an australian churchgoer accused of sexually assaulting a woman during prayer sessions meant to lift a black magic curse on her was refused bail sunday , it was reported .
iraqi prime minister nuri al-maliki on sunday ordered a probe into the brutal kidnapping and killing of a four-member team from al-sharqiya television in the northern city of mosul .
a suicide car bomb claimed by taliban insurgents killed two afghan doctors working for the united nations and wounded ## other people in southern afghanistan sunday , officials said .
the serial blasts in the indian capital of new delhi , which left ## dead and ## injured , were the latest in a string of attacks to hit the country in recent years .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert on sunday vowed to stop west bank `` pogroms '' a day after jewish settlers rampaged through a palestinian village , shooting and wounding four people .
indian police hunted sunday for muslim militants behind coordinated bomb attacks against busy shopping areas in the nation 's capital that left ## dead and close to ### injured .
us president george w. bush was set to meet with his top disaster relief aides sunday to discuss assistance to victims of hurricane ike , the white house said .
thailand 's acting prime minister lifted the state of emergency in bangkok sunday as the ruling party met to choose a new candidate for premier , but the nation 's political crisis looked set to drag on .
somali pirates who captured a french sailing boat with two french nationals on board have docked near the village of <unk> in puntland and are demanding a ransom , officials said sunday .
the death toll from california 's tragic train collision stood at ## early sunday after friends and colleagues of a school teacher , who was on board an ill-fated commuter train , confirmed his death in the hospital .
north korean state media sunday reported official activities by leader kim jong - il but a new report indicated his health may be worse than earlier believed following a stroke .
upcoming auctions in new york will put a multi-million-dollar stamp on asia 's art explosion , a far cry from the recent past when treasures fell into tourists ' hands for a song .
ivory coast is set to hold a new general census from monday that will allow authorities to update the electoral register and eventually hold presidential elections , president laurent gbagbo said .
british artist damien hirst , who broke the mould by putting sharks in formaldehyde , has turned his attention to <unk> the art market by selling his work direct at auction .
the us presidential campaign got nastier sunday as a leading us newspaper revealed that republican vice presidential nominee sarah palin used her position as alaska state governor to give top jobs in her administration to personal friends .
bolivia was sunday facing worsening strife after president evo morales and his political foes exchanged ultimatums and blame over unrest that has already claimed at least ## lives .
a boeing-### jet crashed near the russian city of perm in the central ural mountains killing all ## passengers and six crew on board , including ## foreigners , the jet 's owner aeroflot said sunday .
andy warhol 's pop art portraits , damien hirst 's kaleidoscopic butterfly wings and zhang xiaogang 's monochromatic families were on sale this weekend under the shanghai exhibition centre 's soviet spire as the art world looked to china to sustain booming sales .
malaysian opposition leader anwar ibrahim 's party sunday announced a mass rally against a government crackdown which he says is aimed at preventing him from seizing power within days .
thailand 's acting prime minister lifted the state of emergency in the capital sunday amid an ongoing political crisis , as the ruling party holds talks to choose a new candidate to become premier .
a us soldier died of non-combat related injuries in iraq on sunday , the american military said without offering details .
scientists on sunday said <unk> speech is learned in part through nerve signals from the vocal tract , a discovery that could open up an ambitious avenue of therapy for the deaf .
a boeing-### jet crashed near russia 's city of perm in the central ural mountains killing all ## passengers and six crew on board , including ## foreigners , the jet 's owner aeroflot said sunday .
somali pirates have tried to board a french tuna fishing boat off the seychelles but failed due to a heavy swell , <unk> radio reported sunday .
a powerful typhoon pounded taiwan on sunday with fierce winds and torrential rains , causing thousands of people to flee their homes and leaving at least ## people injured , officials said .
the soviet glory days are back at this nuclear bomber base in southern russia : the us is none too popular and the crews say they are ready to fly anywhere in the world at a moment 's notice .
the calls for british prime minister gordon brown to face a leadership contest grew sunday as former ministers attacked his performance and more party members backed a showdown .
indian police said sunday that ## people were killed and close to ### injured in a string of coordinated bomb attacks that ripped through busy shopping areas in the capital .
china vowed sunday to improve its food safety supervision after confirming ### babies suffered from kidney stones and at least one died after drinking contaminated milk powder .
after #### saw the best economic growth in three decades , the philippines is now struggling to control surging inflation , meaning interest rates may have to rise , putting a cap on recent successes .
at least ## people died and ## were injured in five synchronised bomb blasts in the indian capital , police said sunday .
an aeroflot boeing-### jet crashed near russia 's city of perm in the central ural mountains killing all ## passengers and five crew on board , russian news agencies reported sunday quoting emergency ministry officials .
in muslim households across asia , the inflation crisis is casting a shadow over the holy month of ramadan , and making the nightly ritual of breaking the fast a more meager affair .
the united states and china hold cabinet-level trade talks in california this week amid tensions over china 's massive export surplus and worries about the slowing global economy .
the federal reserve is likely to maintain its stimulative interest rate policy on tuesday in the face of renewed market turmoil and signs that the us economy remains in a funk , analysts say .
burkina faso commerce minister mamadou <unk> is still smouldering more than a month after world trade negotiators ignored his pleas to debate the salvation of west africa 's critical but foundering cotton sector .
the german pork industry , europe 's largest , is turning its attention to china , not only a vast market but one with a taste for pigs ' ears , feet and other delicacies that are shunned at home .
a typhoon pounded taiwan on sunday bringing fierce winds and torrential rains , sparking evacuations and leaving at least six people injured , officials said .
the following are key facts about the leadership vote israel 's ruling kadima party will hold on wednesday , which could decide who will be the next prime minister .
the following are key dates in the history of israel 's centrist kadima and its outgoing leader prime minister ehud olmert .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert , who has vowed to resign after his party chooses his successor , has been dogged by graft scandals , wartime failings and abysmal approval ratings since taking office .
israel 's search for a successor to embattled prime minister ehud olmert has cast serious doubts on us-backed hopes of reaching a peace accord with the palestinians this year .
israel 's governing party will pick a successor to scandal-plagued prime minister ehud olmert in a wednesday vote that could herald political turmoil and further stall middle east peace talks .
a boeing-### jet crashed near russia 's city of perm in the central ural mountains killing all ## passengers and five crew on board , russian news agencies reported sunday quoting emergency ministry officials .
the new <unk> commission meets in tbilisi on monday to assess the damage from the conflict with russia , as eu foreign ministers finalize the details of a peace observer mission .
santa cruz , bolivia 's most economically vital state , was in the grip of fear and suffering fuel shortages over the weekend as a conflict pitting it and other rebel regions against the leftwing government deepened .
rescuers picked through a trail of devastation in texas on saturday after ike flattened hundreds of homes , flooded barrier islands and knocked out power to millions of people .
the majestic citadel atop syria 's ancient city of aleppo , the <unk> fortress of the sinister order of the assassins and the castle of arab conqueror <unk> have all been given a new lease on life as part of a project by the aga khan to promote islamic sites .
the eu 's institutional crisis , sparked by irish voters ' rejection of the lisbon treaty , is set to last till at least #### , posing major problems for the bloc , according to diplomats and analysts .
business is brisk at the rosary palace where <unk> pilgrims fill their baskets with glow-in-the-dark statues of the virgin mary , rosaries and bottles to fill with `` miracle '' water from the nearby shrine .
more than ###,### people were expected to attend an open-air mass given by pope benedict xvi on sunday during his pilgrimage to the shrine town of lourdes , amid heavy security .
it 's the nightmare of any foreign policy expert on the former soviet union and the long-cherished dream of many local inhabitants of this picturesque corner of the black sea coast .
zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai will sign a deal on monday aiming to end a bitter political crisis amid doubts over whether their power-sharing accord can stand the strain .
a boeing-### jet crashed near russia 's city of perm in the central ural mountains killing all ## passengers and five crew on board , russian news agencies reported sunday quoting emergency ministry officials .
a boeing-### jet carrying ## passengers and five crew crashed near russia 's city of perm in the central ural mountains , russian news agencies reported sunday quoting emergency ministry officials .
a boeing-### jet carrying ## passengers and five crew crashed near russia 's city of perm in the central ural mountains , russian news agencies reported sunday quoting emergency ministry officials .
a strong #.#-magnitude earthquake struck off east timor on sunday , geologists said , but there were no immediate reports of damage or casualties .
the united states has revoked the travel visa of a pakistani rights defender ahead of her trip to washington to highlight the plight of hundreds of missing compatriots allegedly rounded up as part of the `` war on terror , '' the rights group amnesty said saturday .
audiences at the ##rd toronto international film festival picked briton danny boyle 's `` slumdog millionaire '' for this year 's best picture , organizers said saturday .
us energy production is not expected to suffer serious disruptions due to hurricane ike , which slammed the texas coast at the most important us oil production area , a risk assessment firm said saturday .
the coen brothers conquered the weekend box office in the united states and canada with their farcical `` burn after reading '' only six months after winning an oscar for a much darker film , industry figures showed monday .
superstar couple angelina jolie and brad pitt have donated two million dollars to help children affected by aids and tuberculosis in ethiopia , the nonprofit group global health committee -lrb- <unk> -rrb- announced monday .
an emergency summit of south american presidents got underway monday in the chilean capital to consider deadly unrest in bolivia that president evo morales called an attempted `` coup '' against him .
new zealand share prices plunged #.# percent as the first market to open tuesday following turmoil on the world financial system .
democrat barack obama said monday the gathering storm on wall street exposed white house rival john mccain 's economic philosophy as bankrupt and out of touch .
an unprecedented auction of works by british artist damien hirst was headed for the record books monday , making ##.# million pounds -lrb- ## million euros , ### million dollars -rrb- with more than ### lots to go .
three former us secretaries of state said monday that americans would send a huge , powerful and electrifying message to the world if they elect barack obama as their first black president .
superstar couple angelina jolie and brad pitt have donated two million dollars to help children affected by aids and tuberculosis in ethiopia , announced the nonprofit group global health committee -lrb- <unk> -rrb- announced monday .
oscar-winning singer and actress barbra streisand will perform at a glittering and lucrative hollywood fundraiser for democrat barack obama tuesday , aides said .
us technology giant hewlett-packard -lrb- hp -rrb- said monday it would cut ##,### jobs worldwide over the next three years as part of its integration with computer services firm electronic data systems .
the global financial system plunged into turmoil monday as investment giant lehman brothers went bankrupt , sparking fears of contagion that could drag down other firms and send shocks through the world economy .
john mccain monday insisted us economic `` fundamentals '' were strong despite a banking crisis and wall street meltdown , prompting a scathing rebuke from his white house foe barack obama .
the dollar rebounded against the euro monday in volatile trading in the wake of the lehman brothers bankruptcy , while traders eyed the possibility of a federal reserve rate cut to ease market turmoil .
the us state department said monday it regretted that cuba has rejected its offer of up to five million dollars in aid for the victims of hurricanes gustav and ike .
us technology giant hewlett-packard -lrb- hp -rrb- said monday it would cut ##,### jobs worldwide over the next three years as part of its integration with computer services firm electronic data systems .
an emergency summit of south american presidents considering deadly unrest in bolivia got underway monday in the santiago palace of chilean president michelle bachelet .
us authorities raced monday to help millions of people stranded without water and power in the wake of devastating hurricane ike , which left more than ## dead across nine states .
french engineering giant alstom , facing corruption probes in switzerland , said monday it sue the wall street journal for libel over the latest allegations in a report by the us business newspaper .
the un-backed yugoslav war crimes court monday sentenced an ex-bosnian army commander to three years in prison for his troops ' cruel wartime treatment of serb detainees , but acquitted him of murder .
spanish private television channel telecinco , controlled by italian broadcaster mediaset , said monday it is mulling a bid for digital + , the pay-tv unit of spanish media giant prisa .
us technology giant hewlett-packard -lrb- hp -rrb- said monday it would cut ##,### jobs worldwide over the next three years as part of its integration with computer services firm electronic data systems .
new york mayor michael bloomberg said monday that markets had still not hit bottom as global stocks plunged following the collapse of investment bank lehman brothers , but predicted that wall street should cope .
us shares went into a freefall monday as part of a global rout after a bankruptcy at lehman brothers stoked fears about contagion affecting world markets and the economy .
an unprecedented auction of works by british artist damien hirst was headed for the record books monday , making more than ## million pounds -lrb- ## million dollars , ## million euros -rrb- in the first ## minutes .
bank of america announced monday it was buying merrill lynch for ## billion dollars in stock , scooping up the wall street icon battered by the housing and credit crisis .
the chemical street drug methamphetamine , or `` meth '' , is becoming more popular than cocaine or heroin in many countries , experts at a conference in prague said monday .
iran is still stalling a un investigation into its disputed nuclear program , refusing access to documents , individuals and sites , the un atomic watchdog said in its latest report on the crisis .
troubled wall street giant lehman brothers sought bankruptcy protection monday after a frantic weekend of talks failed to find a buyer for the firm ravaged by credit and real estate woes in a shaken financial system .
an emergency summit of south american presidents considering deadly unrest in bolivia got underway monday in the santiago palace of chilean president michelle bachelet .
us shares went into a freefall monday as part of a global rout after a bankruptcy at lehman brothers stoked fears about contagion affecting world markets and the economy .
unions holding out against a deal to save italian flag carrier alitalia should recognize that there is no alternative , prime minister silvio berlusconi said monday as talks dragged on .
nato 's chief promised deeper ties with georgia on monday as brussels pledged half a billion euros to help the western ally rebuild following last month 's conflict with russia .
crude oil prices plunged monday amid global market jitters after wall street investment bank lehman brothers collapsed and financial developments stoked concerns about the health of the us economy .
us shares went into a freefall monday as part of a global rout after a bankruptcy at lehman brothers stoked fears about contagion affecting world markets and the economy .
wall street awoke with a mega monday headache after a nightmarish weekend which saw investment giant lehman brothers fail and another troubled icon , merrill lynch , absorbed by bank of america .
us defense secretary robert gates on monday hailed the us leaders of the surge strategy on the eve of a military change of command in iraq , but said the new commanders will face `` a mission of transition '' as american troop levels shrink .
a female suicide bomber blew herself up in a crowd of people during a feast in the iraqi province of diyala on monday , killing at least ## people and wounding ## , a top military officer said .
street violence which erupted in bolivia last week , killing at least ## people , was the result of a `` coup '' by rebel governors , president evo morales said monday as he arrived in chile for an emergency summit on the crisis .
two prisoners died and ## others were injured in a prison riot sparked by the death of a prisoner -- allegedly at the hands of prison guards -- in the northern mexican border city of tijuana , security officials said monday .
bank of america has once again demonstrated its opportunistic streak .
south african president thabo mbeki arrived in the sudanese capital on monday for two days of talks with president omar al-beshir on efforts for peace in the war-torn darfur region .
leaders of lebanon 's shiite hezbollah movement met rival leaders of the druze progressive socialist party -lrb- psp -rrb- on monday in the first direct talks between the two parties in nearly two years .
hungary 's conservative opposition on monday failed in its attempt to force early elections after a motion for the dissolution of parliament was thrown out .
democrat barack obama said monday the gathering storm on wall street exposed white house rival john mccain 's economic philosophy as bankrupt and out of touch .
us defense secretary robert gates met us and local commanders in iraq on monday , reviewing what he said will be `` a mission transition '' as the us force shrinks and turns over more of the country to iraqis .
the hungarian parliament voted unanimously in favor of the ratification of the nato accession protocols of albania and croatia in budapest on monday .
violence at a football match in drcongo left ## people dead , most of them children , after a player who cast a spell provoked scuffles that led to a stampede , police and aid workers said monday .
striking doctors in guinea cranked up the pressure on the government monday by suspending emergency service work and closing emergency wards in two university hospitals .
talks to allocate ministers for zimbabwe 's power-sharing government will begin on tuesday , the governing party 's chief negotiator said on national television .
the european union gave the green light monday for a ###-strong observer mission for georgia , amid criticism that they will not deploy to rebel abkhazia and south ossetia .
britney spears , hoping to get her career back on track after a series of public humiliations , will release a new album on her ##th birthday , december # , her record company said monday .
southern nigerian militants said monday they had attacked a second niger delta oil installation in ## hours , after declaring an all-out `` oil war '' as part of a campaign for greater autonomy for the region .
former nepalese gurkha soldiers delivered a petition to british prime minister gordon brown on monday , on the eve of a legal hearing on their challenge seeking the right to settle here .
european foreign ministers on monday agreed to set up a `` coordination unit '' to help tackle the growing problem of piracy off the coast of somalia , with the possibility of an eu naval mission in future .
zimbabwe 's leaders on monday signed a historic framework for forming a unity government that splits power among arch rivals in a bid to end the country 's political crisis and economic meltdown .
republican john mccain monday insisted us economic `` fundamentals '' were still strong , drawing an immediate rebuke from his white house foe barack obama as global stocks plunged .
talks to allocate ministers for zimbabwe 's power-sharing government will begin on tuesday , the governing party 's chief negotiator said on national television .
bolivian president evo morales on monday accused rebel governors of mounting a `` civic coup d'etat '' against him , as he arrived in chile to attend an emergency summit of south american leaders on the crisis he faced at home .
a gunman was killed in heavy clashes in ain el-helweh palestinian refugee camp in lebanon 's southern port city of sidon on monday after a militant was shot dead , a palestinian official said .
the dollar bounced back against the euro monday after suffering sharp falls in the wake of the lehman brothers bankruptcy declaration as anxious investors sought refuge in the us unit .
jurors were monday due to hear opening arguments in the trial of former football star and actor oj simpson in a robbery and kidnapping case that could send him to prison for life .
talks to allocate ministers for zimbabwe 's power-sharing government will begin on tuesday , the governing party 's chief negotiator said on national television .
a canadian soldier implicated in the #### murder and torture of somali national <unk> <unk> <unk> will not be prosecuted for the crime , canada 's military said monday .
nato 's chief promised deeper ties with georgia on monday as brussels pledged half a billion euros to help the western ally rebuild following last month 's war with russia .
oil prices plunged monday to seven-month lows near ## dollars on prospects of weaker energy demand amid a worsening global financial crisis after lehman brothers ' bankruptcy , analysts said .
shares in american international group plummeted more than ## percent monday on fears the us insurance giant could be the next domino to fall in the worst banking crisis to shake wall street since the great depression .
iran 's ambassador to the un atomic watchdog said on monday that his country will continue enriching uranium in defiance of un security council demands , the isna news agency reported .
fear spread monday from the shining skyscrapers of wall street to the smoke - filled hot dog stands below as new york watched lehman brothers go bankrupt -- and wondered who was next .
the us state department said monday it regretted that cuba has rejected its offer of up to five million dollars in aid for the victims of hurricanes gustav and ike .
russian investigators on monday sifted through the wreckage of an aeroflot jet that crashed in the ural mountains killing all ## people on board , as the region marked a day of mourning .
the federal reserve monday said it had agreed to inject ## billion dollars into financial markets amid turmoil following the bankruptcy of wall street giant lehman brothers .
the majestic citadel atop syria 's ancient city of aleppo , the <unk> fortress of the sinister order of the assassins and the castle of arab conqueror <unk> have all been given a new lease on life as part of a project by the aga khan to promote islamic sites .
democrats monday hammered republican white house hopeful john mccain with their most biting attack yet , dubbing him the even `` worse '' sequel to president george w. bush .
the pentagon on monday denied that us-led coalition helicopters based in afghanistan were fired on in pakistan and forced to turn back .
us defense secretary robert gates met us and local commanders in iraq on monday , reviewing what he said will be `` a mission transition '' as the us force shrinks and turns over more of the country to iraqis .
norway 's state pension fund , one of the world 's largest sovereign wealth funds , lost at least ### million kroner -lrb- ## million euros , ##.# million dollars -rrb- with the lehman brothers ' bankruptcy protection filing , the norwegian finance minister said monday .
the european union gave the green light monday for a ###-strong observer mission for georgia , amid criticism that they will not deploy to rebel abkhazia and south ossetia .
the bank of england failed monday to avoid a <unk> slump on the london stock market , despite pumping billions of pounds into money markets after the collapse of us giant lehman brothers .
wall street 's meltdown sent shockwaves through the white house race , as barack obama and john mccain sought a decisive political dividend from the fast-moving crisis just ## days from the election .
bank of america announced monday it was buying merrill lynch for ## billion dollars in stock , scooping up the wall street icon battered by the housing and credit crisis .
pink floyd founding member and keyboard player richard wright died monday at the age of ## after battling cancer , his spokesman said .
talks were underway monday in bolivia aimed at settling a long-running conflict between president evo morales and rebel governors that blew up into deadly unrest last week , as soldiers seized control of a northern state under martial law .
twelve people , including six foreign tourists , were killed when a coach full of day trippers hit a truck head-on along the west coast of egypt 's sinai peninsula on monday , a security official said .
the european union 's new monitoring mission will comprise some ### observers from around ## nations , and supervise `` full compliance '' with a six-point peace plan `` throughout georgia .
european stock markets closed sharply lower on monday after us investment bank lehman brothers became the latest casualty of the us subprime home loan crisis and filed for bankruptcy protection .
president dmitry medvedev insisted monday that russian markets were not in crisis despite a seven-point drop that pushed the main stock market close to ## percent below its may high .
dominique strauss-kahn , the head of the international monetary fund , said on monday he expected the global financial sector to shrink as a result of the international credit crisis .
european stock markets closed sharply lower on monday after us investment bank lehman brothers became the latest casualty of the us subprime home loan crisis and filed for bankruptcy protection .
republican john mccain monday insisted us economic `` fundamentals '' were still strong , drawing an immediate rebuke from his white house foe barack obama as global stocks plunged .
investment banking giant lehman brothers went bankrupt monday and wall street sent distress signals , sparking a global stocks fall , central bank alarm and widespread fears for the financial system .
nigeria 's most senior anglican archbishop , peter akinola , vowed monday to continue the fight against ordaining homosexual clergy .
us president george w. bush said monday he was working to `` minimize '' the impact of `` painful '' events in world financial markets and said us capital markets would weather the shocks over the long run .
the white house said monday it was eager for details of zimbabwe 's power-sharing deal and declared its `` number one priority '' was for the government in harare to reflect `` the will of the people .
iran 's ambassador to the un atomic watchdog said on monday that his country will continue enriching uranium in defiance of un security council demands , the isna news agency reported .
gold prices rebounded monday as the precious metal won support amid ongoing uncertainty stemming from the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
republican john mccain monday insisted us economic `` fundamentals '' were still strong , drawing an immediate rebuke from his white house foe barack obama as global stocks plunged .
zimbabwe 's political rivals on monday sealed a framework document paving the way for an all inclusive government aimed at finding solutions to the country 's political and economic woes .
a ##-year-old german , sentenced in italy in absentia to life in prison for a nazi war crime , pleaded innocent monday at the start of a trial in germany in one of the last cases of its kind .
disenfranchised ivorians should get the chance to vote in november after a new general census was launched monday to update the country 's electoral registers .
the head of the international monetary fund dominique strauss-kahn said on monday he expected the global financial sector to shrink as a result of the international credit crisis .
troubled investment giant lehman brothers sought bankruptcy protection monday after a frantic weekend of talks failed to find a buyer for the wall street giant ravaged by credit and real estate woes .
zimbabwe 's new political partners agreed monday to call on former colonial power britain to accept responsibility for payment of land acquired in the country 's land reform programs .
us president george w. bush said monday he was working to `` minimize '' the impact of `` painful '' events in world financial markets and said us capital markets would weather the shocks over the long run .
heavy clashes erupted in the ain el-helweh palestinian refugee camp in the southern port city of sidon on monday after an islamist militant was killed , a palestinian official said .
kenya on monday welcomed the signing of a power-sharing agreement in zimbabwe and urged its leaders to stick to the accord that ended months of political crisis .
bulgaria and germany opened a probe into a fraud scheme for avoiding the payment of social security installments for bulgarian workers in germany , bulgaria 's national revenue agency said monday .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- estimated monday that banks in the eurozone needed ### billion euros -lrb- ###.# billion dollars -rrb- as it called for bids in a regular refinancing operation .
millions of people remained without power and water monday as deadly hurricane ike barreled up from the gulf coast into the midwest , reportedly leaving more than ## dead across nine states .
malaysian opposition leader anwar ibrahim held a mass rally monday , on the eve of a deadline he has set to seize power with the help of defecting government lawmakers .
the international community urged rebels in the eastern democratic republic of congo on monday to return to the peace process after un peacekeepers used force to push back advancing militiamen .
when an iraqi lieutenant ordered him off the bus , saddam hussein thought his time was up .
democrat barack obama went after white house rival john mccain 's core campaign theme of honor and integrity monday with a new ad accusing the republican of stooping to deception , sleaze and lies .
international monetary fund head dominique strauss-kahn monday hailed a power - sharing deal reached in zimbabwe saying the imf stood ready to hold talks with the country 's leaders .
uzbekistan , the world 's third-largest cotton exporter , has banned child labor in its cotton fields after coming under pressure from us and eu importers , a government official said monday .
iran is continuing to stall on un investigation into its disputed nuclear program , refusing to provide access to documentation , individuals or sites which could reveal the true nature of its activities , the un atomic watchdog said monday .
the management of croatian state oil group ina said monday it was in favor of an offer by hungarian oil and gas giant mol to buy a controlling stake in the company .
british mobile phone giant vodafone is seeking ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in damages from telefonica for alleged abuse of its dominant position in the ####s , a company spokesman said monday .
heavy clashes erupted in the ain el-helweh palestinian refugee camp in the southern port city of sidon on monday after an islamist militant was killed , a palestinian official said .
german carrier lufthansa will acquire full control of brussels airlines , the two companies said monday after talks with sn <unk> of belgium .
president dmitry medvedev insisted monday that russian markets were not in crisis despite a seven-percent fall that pushed the main stock market close to ## percent below its may high .
president robert mugabe and leaders of the two formations of the opposition movement for democratic change -lrb- mdc -rrb- morgan tsvangirai and arthur mutambara officially signed a power-sharing deal on monday .
international monetary fund head dominique strauss-kahn monday hailed a power - sharing deal reached in zimbabwe saying the imf stood ready to hold talks with the country 's leaders .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert is to meet palestinian president mahmud abbas for a new round of us-backed peace talks , senior israeli and palestinian officials said on monday .
the un 's yugoslav war crimes court monday handed a three-year jail term to an ex-commander of bosnia 's army for cruel treatment by his troops in the country 's war , but acquitted him of murder .
zimbabwe 's new political partners agreed monday to call on britain to accept responsibility for payment of land acquired in the country 's land reform programs .
standard &amp; poor 's on monday cut the credit rating for bank of america after the banking giant agreed to a ##-billion-dollar takeover of distressed wall street giant merrill lynch .
china on monday reported a second baby dead from drinking tainted milk formula and said the number sickened had soared past #,### as it blamed private milk - collecting stations for the worsening scandal .
general david petraeus , who rises on tuesday from us military chief in iraq to lead all american forces in the middle east , has emerged as washington 's most successful and trusted general since vietnam .
stock markets across the energy-rich gulf fell sharply on monday , shedding up to seven percent of their value on the lehman brothers bankruptcy and a big drop in oil prices .
toronto stocks fell more than ### points in the opening minutes of trading monday , as part of a global stock market thrashing after us bank lehman brothers declared bankruptcy .
the collapse of us investment giant lehman brothers sent shockwaves through london 's financial district monday , as the firm 's staff cleared their desks and rivals voiced fears for their own jobs .
toronto stocks fell more than ### points in the opening minutes of trading monday , as part of a global stock market thrashing after us bank lehman brothers declared bankruptcy .
japanese-american actor george takei , better known as star trek 's mr sulu , has married his longtime partner brad altman , a gay rights group said .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer on monday hit out at russia 's `` indiscriminate '' use of force on a visit to georgia and said he wanted enhanced ties with the pro-western ex-soviet state .
swedish bank seb said monday its total credit exposure to the lehman brothers group , which has filed for bankruptcy protection , amounted to ## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- .
thailand 's domestic auto sales dropped ## percent in august from one year earlier as the slowing economy kept buyers away , the industry said monday .
nato 's chief promised deeper ties with georgia on monday as brussels pledged half a billion euros to help the western ally rebuild following last month 's devastating conflict with russia .
an indian court on monday found eight people guilty of murdering four members of a low-caste hindu family , a crime which prompted violence and led to condemnation from political leaders .
danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen made a surprise visit to afghanistan on monday , just a few kilometres -lrb- miles -rrb- from clashes between nato troops and taliban forces , news agency ritzau reported .
zimbabwe 's new government will have six executive posts headed by president robert mugabe and prime minister morgan tsvangirai , who will each have two deputies , under the deal signed on monday .
french insurance giant axa and leading indian mobile operator bharti said monday they will target india 's masses for a mutual fund venture that aims to manage ## billion dollars in assets by #### .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer on monday hit out at russia 's `` indiscriminate '' use of force on a visit to georgia and said he wanted enhanced ties with the pro-western ex-soviet state .
four people have been confirmed dead and ## others are missing after typhoon sinlaku pounded taiwan with fierce winds and torrential rain , rescuers said monday .
disenfranchised ivorians should get the chance to vote in november after a new general census was launched monday to update the country 's electoral registers .
central banks pumped tens of billions of dollars into markets on monday to prevent the collapse of us bank lehman brothers from triggering a global system failure , and officials called for calm .
zimbabwe 's political rivals signed a power-sharing deal on monday to end an ongoing political crisis in the southern african country .
finance ministers of oil-rich gulf states are expected to approve a proposal to set up a monetary council at a meeting in saudi arabia on wednesday , but the launch date for a single currency remains unclear .
lehman brothers declared bankruptcy monday and wall street rival merrill lynch was taken over in a new financial earthquake driving a global stocks plunge and central bank intervention .
us stocks slumped at the open monday after a bankruptcy filing by investment firm lehman brothers and the distress sale of wall street rival merrill lynch roiled global markets .
pope benedict xvi returned to italy on monday after a four-day visit to france marked by a giant mass in paris and a pilgrimage to the southwestern town of lourdes .
the un 's yugoslav war crimes court on monday jailed an ex-commander of the bosnian army for three years for cruel treatment committed by his troops in the country 's ####-## war , but acquitted him of murder .
us stocks slumped at the open monday after a bankruptcy filing by investment firm lehman brothers and the distress sale of wall street rival merrill lynch .
french bank bnp paribas said on monday that the risks posed to it by the collapse of us investment giant lehman brothers were `` manageable '' owing to its own strong balance sheet .
us defense secretary robert gates met us and iraqi commanders here monday , reviewing what he said will be `` a mission transition '' as the us force shrinks and turns over more of the country to iraqis .
bulgarian police on monday arrested a small human trafficking group bringing in clandestine migrants from iraq via turkey and greece , the interior ministry said in a statement .
southern nigerian militants claimed monday they had attacked a second niger delta oil installation in ## hours , after declaring an all-out `` oil war '' as part of a campaign for greater autonomy for the region .
indian police identified monday two suspects behind bomb blasts in new delhi that left more than ## dead , as the media flayed the government for lacking a coherent counter-terrorism policy .
troubled investment giant lehman brothers filed for bankruptcy protection monday under chapter ## of us law , which allows reorganization , a spokesman said .
riot police restored order monday after supporters of zimbabwe 's political rivals clashed outside the venue of the signing of a power-sharing pact .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov on monday accused georgia of violating the terms of a peace deal during a tour to support the georgian separatist regions of abkhazia and south ossetia .
russia 's key stock markets dived over six percent on monday following the collapse of us bank lehman brothers and a sharp decline in the oil price , pushing shares close to half their may values .
troubled investment giant lehman brothers filed for bankruptcy protection monday under chapter ## of us law , which allows reorganization , a spokesman said .
angry and saddened employees streamed monday into lehman brothers for what they feared would be their last day at work at the once seemingly impregnable bank .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer promised monday to deepen the military alliance 's ties with georgia and hit out at russia for its use of `` indiscriminate '' force during last month 's war .
central banks pumped tens of billions of dollars into markets monday to limit the damage from the failure of us investment bank lehman brothers as officials made desperate calls for calm .
norway , one of the world 's leading oil and gas exporters , saw its trade surplus jump ##.# percent in august to a record ##.# billion kroner -lrb- #.# billion euros , #.# billion dollars -rrb- , powered by soaring oil prices , the national statistics agency said monday .
european foreign ministers on monday held out the prospect of aid and lifted sanctions in a bid to persuade leaders in <unk> belarus to hold democratic elections next month .
indian shares fell #.## percent on monday , hit by fears of further global financial turbulence following the collapse of wall street giant lehman brothers , dealers said .
eu humanitarian aid commissioner louis michel on monday expressed `` grave concern '' at the escalation of violence in sri lanka and called for human rights laws to be respected .
democrat barack obama went after white house rival john mccain 's core belief in honor and integrity monday with a new ad accusing the republican of stooping to deception , sleaze and lies .
rescuers saved some ### people from a ferry that sank off the turkish coast and scoured the sea monday for at least four missing passengers after finding one body , officials said .
bangladesh 's caretaker government wants the feuding leaders of the country 's two main political parties to end their ##-year stand-off before polls scheduled for december , a minister said monday .
the european commission said on monday it was confident that international banking bodies would be able to work effectively together in the face of a us - born financial crisis .
bank of america announced plans monday to buy investment bank merrill lynch for ## billion dollars in stock , scooping up the wall street icon battered by the housing and credit crisis .
stock markets across the energy-rich gulf fell sharply on monday , shedding up to seven percent of their value on the lehman brothers bankruptcy and a big drop in oil prices .
french insurance giant axa and leading indian mobile operator bharti said monday they will target india 's masses for a mutual fund venture that aims to manage ## billion dollars in assets by #### .
a consortium including british telecom giant vodafone has been awarded a licence to operate a second fixed-line service in gas-rich qatar , the telecommunications regulator said on monday .
four filipino non-government aid workers were abducted on monday on a southern island known as a hotbed for al-qaeda-linked muslim extremists , police said .
lehman brothers has become the latest victim of the us subprime mortgage crisis , which began with a wave of foreclosures by high-risk borrowers in the united states and now <unk> the global financial system .
russian investigators on monday sifted through the wreckage of an aeroflot jet that crashed in the ural mountains killing all ## people on board , as the region marked a day of mourning .
the bank of england failed to avert a <unk> slump on the london stock market on monday despite pumping billions of pounds into money markets after the collapse of us giant lehman brothers .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert , who could step down later this week , warned on monday against delaying a peace deal with the palestinians .
thailand 's ruling party struggled to agree on a new prime minister monday as one key faction walked out of talks , adding to the political uncertainty as the government faces down weeks of protests .
the un atomic watchdog said monday that it has been unable to make much progress with iran in its investigation into allegations that the country was involved in studies to make a nuclear warhead .
democrat barack obama went after white house rival 's john mccain core belief in honor and integrity monday with a new ad accusing the republican of stooping to deception , sleaze and lies .
shares in german bank commerzbank were down more than ## percent on monday following the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers .
british authorities said on monday they would try to wind down lehman brothers ' operations here in an orderly manner as the prime minister 's spokesman insisted britain could weather the financial storm .
oil prices plunged on monday to seven-month lows below ## dollars on prospects of weaker energy demand amid a worsening global financial crisis after lehman brothers ' bankruptcy , analysts said .
pope benedict xvi left france on monday at the end of a four-day visit that included a giant mass in central paris and a pilgrimage to the shrine town of lourdes .
zimbabwe 's leaders signed a historic deal monday that will see president robert mugabe share power with his arch-rival in a bid to resolve a ruinous political crisis in a country in economic meltdown .
britain voiced conditional support for zimbabwe 's new power-sharing deal on monday , saying it hoped the african country would `` reverse the tragic policies '' of recent years .
us treasury secretary henry paulson vowed monday to take steps to maintain stability in us financial markets , as the failure of us banking titans sent global markets into a slump .
europe 's leading stock markets dived more than five percent on monday on concerns over the battered world economy as wall street giant lehman brothers filed for bankruptcy .
european foreign ministers on monday agreed to set up a `` coordination unit '' to help tackle the growing problem of piracy off the coast of somalia , with the possibility of an eu naval mission in future .
britain 's prince william is to train as a search and rescue pilot , aiming to serve in the emergency services after being told he can not be sent to afghanistan , he said wednesday .
eu foreign ministers on monday left sanctions in place against zimbabwe , despite a new power-sharing deal , saying they wanted to see democratic improvements before resuming economic aid .
shares in german bank commerzbank were down more than ## percent on monday following the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers .
rwandan president paul kagame monday welcomed the signing of a power-sharing agreement in zimbabwe , which ended months of political crisis he said was affecting the entire african continent .
a ##-year-old german , sentenced in absentia by an italian military court to life in prison for a nazi war crime , went on trial in germany monday in one of the last cases of its kind .
nepal 's new maoist premier prachanda on monday promised new business-friendly policies as he urged indian companies to invest in agriculture , tourism and infrastructure in his impoverished nation .
london 's ftse ### index of leading shares plunged #.## percent in midday trade on monday following the collapse of us investment giant lehman brothers .
nato 's chief chided russia for occupying georgia 's rebel regions as he visited tbilisi on monday , while brussels pledged ### million euros in aid to help the western ally rebuild .
stock markets across the energy-rich gulf fell sharply on monday , shedding up to seven percent of their value on the lehman brothers bankruptcy and a big drop in oil prices .
before dozens of rows of wheelchair-bound believers , pope benedict xvi on monday celebrated a mass for the sick at the lourdes shrine on the last day of his visit to france .
french share prices plunged monday , tumbling nearly six percent in midday trade after us investment bank lehman brothers filed for bankruptcy , sending shockwaves through the world financial markets .
the dollar rallied against the euro on monday , reversing earlier heavy falls , as foreign exchange dealers reacted to the us financial crisis after the collapse of investment giant lehman brothers .
the european union gave the green light monday for a ###-strong observer mission for georgia , amid rising criticism that they will not be able to deploy to rebel abkhazia and south ossetia .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert is to meet palestinian president mahmud abbas for a new round of us-backed talks on tuesday , a senior israeli official said .
stock markets across the nordic region tumbled on monday , with one market shedding nearly five percent of its value amid fears that the global credit crisis that sank the lehman brothers investment bank would spread .
lehman brothers declared itself bankrupt monday and wall street rival merrill lynch had to be taken over in a new financial earthquake that sent global markets into a slump and panicked central banks .
a former minister who was dismissed denied fraud charges on monday as he went on trial , in a rare case involving an ex-government member in the oil-rich united arab emirates .
stock markets across the nordic region tumbled on monday , with one market shedding nearly five percent of its value amid fears that the global credit crisis that sank the lehman brothers investment bank would spread .
twelve people , including six foreign tourists , were killed when a coach full of day trippers hit a truck head-on along the west coast of egypt 's sinai peninsula on monday , a security official said .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer arrived here on monday to show support after last month 's conflict with russia and discuss the country 's nato membership bid .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on monday amid fears over the global financial crisis following the collapse of us financial giant lehman brothers , dealers said .
zimbabwe president robert mugabe said monday he was `` committed '' to working with his rival morgan tsvangirai in a new power-sharing government formed in a bid to end a ruinous political crisis .
us democratic presidential nominee barack obama on monday said the unfolding crisis in the us banking industry was `` a major threat '' to the economy caused by years of neglectful government policies .
the eu will wait for concrete measures by the new unity government in zimbabwe to restore democracy before resuming economic aid , european foreign ministers decided monday .
somalia 's hardline islamist militia , <unk> , has issued an ultimatum ordering all traffic in and out of mogadishu airport to cease as of tuesday .
london 's ftse ### index of leading shares slumped by #.## percent in late morning trade on monday following the collapse of us investment giant lehman brothers .
oil prices plunged below ## dollars monday , hitting seven-month lows on prospects of weaker energy demand amid a worsening global financial crisis after lehman brothers ' bankruptcy , analysts said .
us defense secretary robert gates made a surprise visit to iraq on monday , saying the new us commander will face a challenge as the us force shrinks and turns over more of the country to iraqis .
us democratic presidential nominee barack obama on monday called the crisis in the us banking industry `` a major threat '' to the us economy .
china on monday reported a second baby dead from drinking tainted milk formula and said the number sickened had soared past #,### as it blamed private milk - collecting stations for the worsening scandal .
markets across asia tumbled monday on new fears over the state of the global financial system as wall street giant lehman brothers said it would file for bankruptcy .
prime minister morgan tsvangirai used his first platform as head of government on monday to call on zimbabwe 's rival political parties to work together to `` unite '' the country .
zimbabwe president robert mugabe , speaking moments after signing a historic power-sharing deal on monday , again warned against foreign influence in his country .
indian shares fell #.## percent on monday , hit by fears of further global financial turbulence following the collapse of wall street giant lehman brothers , dealers said .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer arrived here on monday to show support after last month 's conflict with russia and discuss the country 's nato membership bid .
dutch stocks fell by #.## percent in morning trading monday after news of the collapse of us investment giant lehman brothers and a buy-out of merrill lynch .
the eu will wait for concrete measures by the new unity government in zimbabwe to restore democracy before resuming economic aid , european foreign ministers decided monday .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent lower monday led by losses in plantation stocks while domestic political uncertainty further bogged down the market , dealers said .
the first state-funded school for hindus in britain began classes on monday , aiming to teach hindu customs and values alongside lessons in mainstream subjects , and denying it promotes segregation .
zimbabwe 's newly-installed prime minister morgan tsvangirai called monday for the <unk> southern african country 's doors to be reopened to international aid .
the european commission on monday announced ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in aid to help georgia rebuild following its conflict with russia .
iranian foreign minister manouchehr mottaki will meet his german counterpart frank-walter steinmeier in berlin monday for talks on tehran 's disputed nuclear program , the german government said .
prime minister morgan tsvangirai used monday his first platform as head of government to call on zimbabwe 's rival political parties to work together to `` unite '' the country .
russian president dmitry medvedev on monday said wto members should stop trying to `` scare '' russia by imposing extra conditions for moscow to join the trade body and should be more `` humane .
indonesian shares slumped #.# percent monday as the aftershocks of lehman brothers ' filing for bankruptcy hit sentiment , dealers said .
the european commission on monday announced ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in aid to help georgia rebuild following its conflict with russia .
a man and his two young sons were killed overnight in a grenade attack on their home in northeastern burundi , local officials told afp monday .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on monday amid fears over the global financial crisis following a collapse of the us financial giant lehman brothers , dealers said .
nato 's chief chided russia for occupying georgia 's rebel regions as he embarked monday on a trip to bolster tbilisi 's pro-western government that has drawn strong condemnation from moscow .
us defense secretary robert gates made a surprise visit to iraq on monday , saying the new us commander will inherit a `` mission in transition '' as the us force shrinks and turns over more of the country to iraqis .
zimababwe 's president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai on monday signed a power-sharing deal aiming to end months of political crisis and violence after bitterly-disputed elections .
iran runs a network of agents in the six arab monarchies of the gulf that could be used to destabilise the region , a senior defector charged in an interview published in dubai on monday .
lehman brothers declared itself bankrupt monday and wall street rival merrill lynch had to be taken over in a new financial earthquake that sent global markets into a slump .
indonesian shares slumped #.# percent monday as the aftershocks of lehman brothers ' filing for bankruptcy hit sentiment , dealers said .
eu foreign ministers on monday gave the go-ahead for a ###-strong observer mission to be sent to georgia by october # , european diplomats said .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent lower monday led by losses in plantation stocks while domestic political uncertainty further bogged down the market , dealers said .
remains believed to be those of several dozen victims of the srebrenica massacre have been exhumed from a mass grave in eastern bosnia , a forensic expert said monday .
moody 's investors service cut its credit rating for us investment bank lehman brothers to `` b# '' from `` a# '' after the bank said it was beginning bankruptcy procedures on monday .
stock markets across the gulf fell sharply on monday , shedding up to seven percent of their value on the lehman brothers bankruptcy and the fall in oil prices .
somalia 's hardline islamist militia , <unk> , has issued an ultimatum urging all traffic in and out of mogadishu airport to cease as of tuesday .
russian president dmitry medvedev on monday said wto members should stop trying to `` scare '' russia by imposing extra conditions for moscow to join the trade body and should be more `` humane .
twelve people , including six foreign tourists , were killed when a coach full of day trippers hit a truck head-on along the west coast of egypt 's sinai peninsula on monday , a security official said .
a ##-year-old german , sentenced in absentia by an italian military court to life in prison for a nazi war crime , went on trial in germany monday in one of the last cases of its kind .
before dozens of rows of wheelchair-bound believers , pope benedict xvi on monday celebrated a special mass for the sick at the french shrine town of lourdes .
eu foreign ministers on monday gave the go-ahead for a ###-strong observer mission to be sent to georgia by october # , european diplomats said .
insurgents detonated two simultaneous car bombs in central baghdad on monday , killing at least five people and wounding ## , medical and security sources said .
zimbabwe 's leaders signed a historic deal on monday that will see president robert mugabe share power with his bitter arch-rival in a bid to end a ruinous political crisis .
zimababwe 's president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai on monday signed a power sharing deal aiming to end months of political crisis and violence after bitterly disputed elections .
stock markets across the gulf fell sharply on monday , shedding up to seven percent of their value on the lehman brothers bankruptcy and the fall in oil prices .
zimababwe 's president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai on monday signed a power sharing deal aiming to end months of political crisis and violence after bitterly disputed elections .
thailand 's ruling party struggled to agree on a new prime minister monday as one key faction walked out of talks , adding to the political uncertainty as the government faces down weeks of protests .
last-gasp negotiations to save italy 's flag carrier alitalia resulted monday in a draft deal signed by four out of nine unions , but the move sparked attacks from pilots and cabin crews .
mozambique 's president armando emilio guebuza was named monday as the official candidate of the ruling frelimo party for #### presidential elections , party spokesman edson macuacua told national television .
us defense secretary robert gates made a surprise visit to baghdad on monday , saying the new us commander in iraq will inherit a `` mission in transition '' from general david petraeus as the us force shrinks in size and turns over more of the country to iraqis .
fifteen sunni members of parliament in shiite-majority iran have called for tough action after a sunni mosque was demolished in the southeast of the country , a report said on monday .
rescuers saved ## people from a ferry that sank off the turkish coast and scoured the sea monday for at least four missing passengers after finding one body , officials said .
a firebrand muslim cleric and five followers were convicted monday of forming an australian terrorist cell accused of plotting bomb attacks designed to kill thousands .
british engineering firm gkn said monday it had agreed to buy the plant in britain owned by european planemaker airbus , which has hit financial troubles owing to delays to its a### superjumbo .
four people have been confirmed dead and nine others are missing after typhoon sinlaku pounded taiwan with fierce winds and torrential rain , rescuers said monday .
indian police planned to release sketches monday of suspects behind new delhi bombings that left more than ## dead , as media flayed the government for lacking a coherent counter-terrorism policy .
basf , the world 's biggest chemical company , said monday it aimed to take over swiss rival ciba for #.# billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- .
us defense secretary robert gates arrived in baghdad on a surprise visit on monday , an afp correspondent traveling with him said .
rwanda held a legislative election monday but with hardly any opposition candidates standing president paul kagame 's confidently expected to tighten its grip on the country it has ruled since the #### genocide .
twelve tourists , including seven foreigners , were killed when their coach hit a truck head-on along the west coast of egypt 's sinai peninsula on monday , a security official said .
the afghan government monday handed to pakistan diplomats the young son of aafia siddiqui , a pakistani scientist suspected of links with al-qaeda who was arrested with the boy two months ago .
us defense secretary robert gates arrived in baghdad on monday a surprise visit , an afp correspondent traveling with him said .
money sent home by filipinos working abroad rose ##.# percent in july from a year earlier to #.# billion dollars , the philippine central bank said monday .
twelve tourists , including seven foreigners , were killed when their coach hit a truck head-on along the west coast of egypt 's sinai peninsula on monday , a security official said .
lehman brothers , which shook the us financial system with a statement declaring itself bankrupt monday , is the fourth-biggest new york investment bank with roots going back to #### .
before dozens of rows of wheelchair-bound believers , pope benedict xvi on monday celebrated a special mass for the sick at the french shrine town of lourdes .
the euro raced higher against the dollar on monday , before cooling , as foreign exchange dealers reacted to the us financial crisis , following the collapse of investment giant lehman brothers .
zimbabwe opposition leader morgan tsvangirai , who has survived treason charges and a severe beating by security forces in his long bid to topple robert mugabe , will now share power with his bitter rival .
malaysia 's government was rocked by a minister 's resignation monday in a storm of criticism over a series of arrests under new security laws just as it faces an opposition plot to seize power .
india 's faction-ridden and highly competitive fashion industry is getting ready for four rival fashion weeks this season to showcase the country 's talent , designers say .
four indian security force personnel were killed in a gunbattle with heavily armed islamic militants in revolt-hit kashmir , an army spokesman said monday .
british engineering firm gkn said monday it had agreed to buy the plant in britain owned by european planemaker airbus , which has hit financial troubles owing to delays to its a### superjumbo .
world oil traded below ### dollars in asia monday after early assessments showed the damage to us oil platforms by hurricane ike was not as bad as first feared , analysts said .
militants on monday attacked a shell facility in nigeria 's restive southern delta region , a day after an armed group declared an `` oil war , '' a military official said .
lehman brothers declared bankruptcy monday and merrill lynch announced a rescue sale in a series of dramas in the us financial system which hit european stocks as soon as trading began .
zimbabwe president robert mugabe , who has had a stranglehold on power for nearly three decades , has agreed to do what many believed he never would : hand over some of his authority to his bitter rival .
the malaysian minister responsible for legal affairs resigned monday over a series of arrests under controversial new security legislation , an aide said .
world markets plunged monday on fresh fears over the state of the global financial system as wall street giant lehman brothers said it would file for bankruptcy .
a firebrand muslim cleric and five followers were monday found guilty of forming an australian terrorist cell accused of plotting bomb attacks designed to kill thousands .
the most prominent militant group in southern nigeria , mend , on monday said it had attacked a shell oil station in the restive rivers state , a day after the group declared an `` oil war .
republicans john mccain and sarah palin stand accused monday of trying to `` lie '' their way into the white house with discredited claims and advertising -- and it 's not just outgunned democrats crying foul .
talks aimed at settling a long-running conflict in bolivia between president evo morales and rebel governors that blew up into deadly unrest last week were underway monday , as soldiers battled to restore order .
british engineering firm gkn said monday it had agreed to buy the plant in britain owned by european planemaker airbus , which has hit financial troubles owing to delays to its a### superjumbo .
chinese officials said monday that private <unk> stations were likely at fault for a rapidly unfolding scandal over tainted infant formula that has left two babies dead and nearly ### ill .
storm-struck areas of texas were to receive new aid monday after officials in galveston raised to five the number of people killed in the city by hurricane ike .
the northern marianas government is suing the united states to prevent washington taking over the islands ' immigration system , governor benigno fitial said monday .
lehman brothers announced its bankruptcy monday and another wall street titan merrill lynch was forced to sell itself as the global financial crisis tightened its <unk> on the finance world .
russian investigators on monday sifted through the wreckage of an aeroflot jet that crashed in the ural mountains killing all ## people on board , as the region marked a day of mourning .
the french stock market opened with a fall of #.## percent on the cac ## index of leading shares on monday , after a series of dramatic announcements affecting the us financial sector .
new zealand share prices fell #.## percent monday , spooked by news from the united states that giant investment bank lehman brothers is to file for bankruptcy , dealers said .
london 's ftse ### index of leading shares slumped #.## percent to #,###.## points at the start of trading on monday following the collapse of us investment giant lehman brothers .
nato chief jaap de hoop scheffer headed monday to georgia in a show of support criticised by russia 's foreign minister , who took his own tour of rebel regions at the center of last month 's conflict .
nepal 's new prime minister prachanda was to hold talks with his indian counterpart monday in new delhi on issues ranging from trade ties to flood control measures , officials said .
australian oil and gas giant santos on monday denied downplaying the seriousness of the disaster caused by the world 's largest `` mud volcano '' in indonesia .
north korea , which is suffering chronic food shortages , called monday for all - out efforts to reap a good harvest , which it said was the most urgent task facing the communist country .
new zealand dairy giant fonterra said monday that contaminated milk powder from its chinese joint venture company sanlu group , which has killed two infants , was the result of sabotage .
new zealand share prices fell #.## percent monday , spooked by news from the united states that giant investment bank lehman brothers is to file for bankruptcy , dealers said .
australian share prices dropped #.# percent on monday as the market felt the effects from us investment bank lehman brothers saying it will file for bankruptcy , dealers said .
three former senior teachers at a prestigious catholic school in australia pleaded not guilty monday to sexually abusing young boys , sometimes during prayer sessions .
six makeshift bombs exploded in a mixed sunni-shiite area of west beirut overnight , causing damage but no casualties , a security official said on monday .
taiwan share prices closed down #.## percent monday on worries over the global financial system after troubled us bank lehman brothers announced it intended to file for bankruptcy , dealers said .
british bank barclays said on monday that it had walked away from a merger deal aimed at saving us investment group lehman brothers .
six makeshift bombs exploded in a mixed sunni-shiite area of west beirut overnight , causing damage but no casualties , a security official said on monday .
resource-rich western australia will be opened up to uranium mining by its new conservative-led government , the incoming state premier said monday .
visiting us deputy secretary of state john negroponte was set to hold talks monday with cambodian prime minister hun sen , aiming to improve relations between the two countries , embassy officials said .
british bank barclays said on monday that it had walked away from a merger deal aimed at saving us investment group lehman brothers .
us investment giant lehman brothers announced its bankruptcy early monday as the federal reserve and major global banks moved to shore up financial market shaken by the housing and mortgage crisis .
sri lanka 's central bank monday kept its key interest rate on hold for the ##th straight month as inflation showed signs of easing , a statement said .
a bombing monday killed three bodyguards of a district chief , including his son , in an area of afghanistan at the center of claims that us air strikes killed dozens of civilians last month , the official said .
indian police planned to release sketches monday of suspects behind new delhi bombings that left more than ## dead , as criticism grew over the lack of a coherent national counter-terrorism policy .
philippine share prices plunged #.# percent on monday amid growing concern about the us banking sector as lehman brothers was set to file for bankruptcy , dealers said .
indian shares tumbled #.## percent within minutes of opening on monday over fears for the global financial system as the fate of wall street giant lehman brothers hung in the balance , dealers said .
taiwan share prices close down #.## percent monday on worries over the global financial system after troubled us bank lehman brothers announced it intended to file for bankruptcy , dealers said .
bank of america has agreed to buy <unk> bank merrill lynch for ## billion dollars in a transaction that creates the world 's largest financial services company , the bank announced early monday .
us investment bank lehman brothers announced early monday that it intended to file for bankruptcy `` in order to protect its assets and maximize value .
malaysia 's government faced a storm of criticism monday over a series of arrests under internal security laws , with several cabinet ministers breaking ranks to speak out against the move .
the dollar slumped in asian trading monday , pressured by growing worries about the state of the us financial system as investment bank lehman brothers appeared set to collapse , dealers said .
bank of america has agreed to buy <unk> bank merrill lynch for ## billion dollars in a transaction that creates the world 's largest financial services company , the bank announced early monday .
us investment bank lehman brothers announced early monday that it intended to file for bankruptcy `` in order to protect its assets and maximize value .
indian shares tumbled #.## percent within minutes of opening on monday over fears for the global financial system as the fate of wall street giant lehman brothers hung in the balance , dealers said .
philippine share prices plunged #.# percent on monday amid growing concern about the us banking sector as lehman brothers files for bankruptcy , dealers said .
last-gasp negotiations to save italy 's flag carrier alitalia resulted early monday in a draft deal signed by four out of nine unions , but the move sparked attacks from pilots and cabin crews .
poland 's baltic sea port city of gdynia has launched an internet site hoping to discover the fate of its ###,### pre-world war ii residents , the majority of whom were expelled or killed under nazi occupation .
shaking as she recalled her brutal beating at the hands of jewish ultra-orthodox vigilantes , a ##-year-old jerusalem woman who would only identify herself as m. said she feared for her life .
rwanda went to the polls monday with president paul kagame 's party poised to tighten its grip on the country it has ruled since the #### genocide .
vietnam on monday launched a locally made ethanol-blended gasoline with the view to `` ensure national energy security and reduce the economy 's dependence on oil products '' , said oil giant petrovietnam .
the united states late sunday condemned coordinated bomb attacks against busy shopping areas in new delhi , india , that left ## dead and close to ### injured .
a firebrand muslim cleric was monday found guilty of leading a terrorist group after australia 's largest terror trial in which ## men were accused of plotting attacks on the country .
world oil traded below ### dollars in asia monday after early assessments showed the damage to us oil platforms by hurricane ike was not as bad as first feared , analysts said .
chinese officials said monday that private milk collecting stations were likely at fault for a rapidly unfolding scandal over tainted infant formula that has left two babies dead and nearly ### ill .
asian stock markets fell sharply on monday on fresh fears over the state of the global financial system amidst concern over the fate of wall street giant lehman brothers , dealers said .
a jury on monday found a muslim cleric guilty of leading a terrorist group and also convicted five of his followers after a trial in which ## men were accused of plotting attacks on australia .
officials in galveston sunday raised to five the number of people killed in the city by hurricane ike , as the storm-battered us gulf coast continued to dry out and clean up from the devastating storm .
australian shares were down #.## percent at midday monday as concerns over the fate of lehman brothers in the united states hit financial stocks , dealers said .
chinese state media said monday a second baby has died from drinking contaminated milk powder , after one fatality was confirmed earlier .
the federal reserve and major global banks opened up fresh credit sunday as markets braced for the collapse of giant lehman brothers in a tumultuous weekend for the financial system .
some of the nine unions representing alitalia staff have signed a draft deal with cai , a consortium prepared to invest in a new revamped italian airline , it was announced early monday .
chinese state media said monday a second baby has died from drinking contaminated milk powder , after one fatality was confirmed earlier .
republicans sunday accused barack obama 's camp of stooping to `` <unk> '' against john mccain , hitting back after democrats complained their white house challenger had been smeared by `` disgusting lies .
the number of babies in china sickened after drinking contaminated milk powder has risen to about ### , state media reported monday , citing a senior official .
the number of babies in china sickened after drinking contaminated milk powder has risen to about ### , state media reported monday , citing a senior official .
a consortium of ## global commercial and investment banks announced plans sunday to provide ## billion dollars to help offset a credit squeeze amid an anticipated collapse of wall street giant lehman brothers .
a consortium of ## global commercial and investment banks announced plans sunday to provide ## billion dollars in credit to offset a squeeze with the anticipated collapse of wall street giant lehman brothers .
some of the nine unions representing alitalia staff have signed a draft deal with cai , a consortium prepared to invest in a new italian airline , it was announced early monday .
as taro aso works to secure the support needed to be japan 's next leader , he can count one constituency locked up -- the self-described geeks of tokyo 's subculture haven of akihabara .
us regulators moved sunday to protect customer assets held by lehman brothers , as the ailing wall street giant appeared headed for collapse .
taiwan shares opened sharply lower monday as no buyer emerged to rescue troubled lehman brothers , dealers said .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer was due in georgia on monday on a visit intended to coordinate nato support for the country after last month 's conflict -- in the face of russian criticism .
the federal reserve sunday announced new steps to ease access to emergency credit for struggling financial companies , by broadening the collateral to be used for central bank loans .
a ##-year-old german , sentenced in absentia by an italian military court to life in prison for a nazi war crime , faces trial in germany monday in one of the last cases of its kind .
hackers armed with laptop computers , camping tents and dreams of software glory invaded yahoo during the weekend as the internet pioneer opened its strategy and its doors to outside developers .
zimbabwe 's political leaders were on monday expected to sign a landmark political deal which will see the country 's political rivals working together for the first time .
`` burn after reading , '' the newest dark comedy by sibling directors ethan and joel coen , was the top weekend movie draw in the united states and canada , preliminary industry figures showed sunday .
un chief ban ki-moon blasted as `` unacceptable and cowardly '' the suicide attack on a un convoy that killed three people , his spokesman said on sunday .
a last-ditch effort to find a buyer for troubled wall street investment bank lehman brothers appeared near collapse sunday in a turbulent weekend for the finance sector .
financial markets will be closed on monday in japan , china , hong kong and south korea for a public holiday .
bypassing its trade embargo on communist cuba , the united states has approved ### million dollars in `` farm sales '' to havana , including food and construction materials in an aid offer after hurricanes gustav and ike devastated cuba 's crops leaving potential for a food crisis , us diplomats said .
british artist damien hirst set a new record tuesday after a two-day sale of his work fetched some ### million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars , ### million euros -rrb- , auction house sotheby 's said .
venezuelan president hugo chavez said on tuesday he plans to travel to moscow next week as he hailed a military exercise with russian strategic bombers as a `` marvelous '' success .
us financier george soros warned in a television interview tuesday that the turmoil in the financial markets was far from over , with britain likely to be the economy most badly hit by the crisis .
general motors corp. honored its past and put the spotlight on its future tuesday rolling out the production version of the new electric volt as celebrated its centennial .
prominent us women 's rights groups on tuesday backed democrat barack obama for the white house and slammed his republican rival john mccain for trying to lure women voters by choosing sarah palin as a running mate .
morgan stanley reported higher than expected third quarter earnings tuesday , relieving fears of more bad news for the market .
carla bruni-sarkozy made her debut on british television tuesday , performing a live song from her new album and revealing she often wakes up her husband , french president nicolas sarkozy , with her playing .
the united states and china held cabinet-level trade talks in california tuesday amid tensions over china 's massive export surplus and an escalating wto auto parts dispute .
insurance giant american international group neared collapse tuesday , prompting further panic on global markets and a flurry of reports about a last-minute rescue to avert a financial calamity .
the dollar rallied against the other main currencies tuesday after the federal reserve surprised the market by holding interest rates steady and defied expectations of a rate cut .
the us food and drug administration tuesday said it would block the import of more than ## generic drugs made by indian pharmaceutical company ranbaxy , saying the company had failed to meet manufacturing standards .
a report tuesday , purportedly from nigeria 's official news agency , that president umaru yar ` adua may resign because of ill health brought a furious denial from the presidency .
the mass mailing of a controversial dvd `` obsession : radical islam 's war against the west '' has sparked anger among south florida muslims who say it <unk> their faith and fuels hysteria ahead of the fast-approaching us presidential vote .
south korea-based samsung electronics said tuesday it is offering to buy us flash-memory titan sandisk for #.# billion dollars .
us president george w. bush expressed deep worries in a report out tuesday about afghanistan 's war on illegal drugs and added bolivia to a narcotics blacklist that already included myanmar and venezuela .
fears of a widening global financial calamity kept markets on edge tuesday as us insurance titan aig faced collapse and leading bank shares around the world plunged .
the new us ambassador to honduras on tuesday presented his credentials to the government after his swearing in was postponed last week in solidarity with bolivia over a dispute with washington .
embattled insurance giant american international group said tuesday it was pursing efforts `` to increase short-term liquidity '' but that its worldwide operations were not endangered .
us president george w. bush expressed deep worries in a report out tuesday about afghanistan 's war on illegal drugs and added bolivia to a narcotics blacklist that already included myanmar and venezuela .
south korean-based samsung electronics said tuesday it is offering to buy us flash-memory titan sandisk for #.# billion dollars .
four people died , including top us and mexican water officials , in a plane crash in northern mexico near the us border , the chihuahua state governor said tuesday .
pep guardiola finally tasted his first competitive win as barcelona manager with his side defeating sporting lisbon #-# in tuesday 's champions league group c opener at the nou camp .
dell expects `` further softening '' in global demand of its computers and other information technology products , the company said in a statement tuesday .
oil prices fell tuesday flirting with the ##-dollar mark to reach new seven - month lows amid turmoil on the financial markets which could spur lower energy demand , traders said .
at least seven people were killed and some ### hurt in overnight blasts at mexican independence day celebrations in michoacan state , the heart of a government crackdown on violent drug gangs that has left thousands dead nationwide .
general motors tuesday unveiled its electric car , the volt , from its detroit headquarters on the company 's ###th anniversary .
officials in texas coastal communities flattened by hurricane ike begged residents to stay away tuesday , insisting that it may be months before the area has basic services like clean water .
lehman brothers may have gone bankrupt , but the former titan of world finance lived on in the marketplace tuesday -- in the form of souvenirs on e-bay .
norway 's prime minister jens stoltenberg announced tuesday that oslo will donate up to a billion dollars to a government fund here devoted to rescuing the amazon rain forest .
pep guardiola finally tasted his first competitive win as barcelona manager with his side defeating sporting lisbon #-# in tuesday 's champions league group c opener at the nou camp .
representatives from new york , london , milan and paris reached a deal tuesday that will secure london fashion week 's place at the heart of the style calendar , the british fashion council said .
british artist damien hirst set a new record tuesday after a two-day sale of his work fetched some ### million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars , ### million euros -rrb- , auction house sotheby 's said tuesday .
norway 's prime minister jens stoltenberg announced tuesday that oslo will donate up to a billion dollars to a government fund here devoted to rescuing the amazon rain forest .
the new president of the un general assembly , miguel d'escoto brockmann of nicaragua , on tuesday launched a veiled but scathing attack on the united states as he pressed for an urgent reform of the security council .
wall street shares rebounded in a volatile session tuesday as nervous traders were buoyed by reports of a possible rescue of troubled insurance giant american international group .
the us government offered tuesday to arrange to fly american citizens out of bolivia after encouraging them to leave unrest there .
the new president of the un general assembly , miguel d'escoto brockmann of nicaragua , on tuesday launched a veiled but scathing attack on the united states as he pressed for an urgent reform of the security council .
talks to form zimbabwe 's new government were postponed on tuesday , amid caution from analysts that past hostilities were likely to haunt the country 's fragile political unity and shattered economy .
federal troops tuesday detained a rebel governor seeking autonomy in bolivia , as fellow anti-government provincial leaders warned that the arrest threatened a fragile truce with president evo morales ' socialist government .
american international group neared collapse tuesday as a credit downgrade put the insurance giant into a death spiral that analysts said could deepen the global financial crisis .
a new study released tuesday linked a controversial chemical widely used in baby bottles and plastic food containers to diabetes , heart disease and liver abnormalities in adults .
nato chief jaap de hoop scheffer on tuesday said georgia 's path to nato membership was `` wide open '' and warned russia against interfering , as he assessed the damage from last month 's war .
officials in texas coastal communities flattened by hurricane ike begged residents to stay away tuesday , insisting that it may be months before the area has basic services like clean water .
the us government on tuesday offered to arrange to fly americans out of bolivia after encouraging them to leave unrest there .
republican white house hopeful john mccain denounced the `` recklessness of wall street '' in a speech in tampa , florida on tuesday , and said his administration would put an end to the `` corruption and unbridled greed '' that have damaged the us economy .
wall street rebounded in a volatile session tuesday as nervous traders drew encouragement from reports of a possible rescue of troubled insurance giant american international group .
a junior minister resigned from british prime minister gordon brown 's government on tuesday , increasing the pressure for a leadership challenge against the embattled labor party leader .
sudan and chad are to restore diplomatic relations , which broke off in may , mediators said tuesday , paving the way to create a peacekeeping and security force on their common border .
poland 's prime minister donald tusk said tuesday his country should gain the european commission 's approval for euro adoption in #### , making it likely the currency will come into circulation in #### .
the federal reserve stared down pressure from markets and held its base lending rate at #.# percent tuesday , suggesting the economy can muddle through the current turmoil without an immediate rate cut .
the skipper of a paris tourist boat was put under investigation tuesday in connection with the sinking of a smaller craft in the seine river that killed two people , a judicial official said .
fourteen people filed a complaint against hissene habre in senegal , which has been authorised -- but has yet to start -- to try the former chadian dictator for war crimes , their lawyers said tuesday .
poland 's prime minister donald tusk on tuesday said his country should gain the european commission 's approval for euro adoption in #### , making it likely the currency will come into circulation in #### .
french commandos freed a couple seized by pirates off somalia in the second such mission this year , leading president nicolas sarkozy to call tuesday for an international crackdown on sea raiders .
actor and director ben affleck will direct and star in a <unk> movie named `` the town , '' where a bank robber falls in love with a bank manager , reported the industry newspaper variety on tuesday .
nato chief jaap de hoop scheffer on tuesday said georgia 's path to nato membership was `` wide open '' and warned russia against interfering , as he assessed the damage from last month 's war .
rwanda 's ruling party won majority seats in direct parliamentary polls in which it faced little opposition , the electoral commission chief said tuesday .
iran warned on tuesday it will not respond to every adverse claim about its nuclear drive , after a damning report from the un atomic watchdog left the global community divided about future action .
lebanon 's rival factions launched national reconciliation talks on tuesday to resolve lingering disputes after a crisis that brought the nation to the brink of civil war , with the thorny issue of hezbollah 's weapons topping the agenda .
officials in texas coastal communities flattened by hurricane ike begged residents to stay away tuesday , insisting that it may be months before the area has basic services like clean water .
iranian defense minister mustafa mohammad najjar denied on tuesday claims by a senior defector that his country was running sleeper cells in the six arab monarchies of the gulf .
the united nations is to send a multi-agency team on a humanitarian assessment mission to the georgian breakaway enclave of south ossetia this week , its press office said tuesday .
kenyan prosecutors have failed to prove that a british aristocrat shot and killed a trespasser on his ancestral ranch more than two years ago , the defense said tuesday .
the top us commander in afghanistan said tuesday he needed more than ##,### combat troops to fight the insurgency , in addition to those committed last week by us president george w. bush .
israel 's embattled prime minister ehud olmert still believes a peace deal with the palestinians is possible by year 's end despite a looming vote to replace him , his spokesman said on tuesday .
police surrounded two toronto schools tuesday and launched a massive manhunt for suspects in a shooting that sent a teenaged student to hospital .
the federal reserve on tuesday held its base lending rate at #.# percent , saying the us economy is likely to achieve `` moderate '' growth over time despite the current financial turmoil .
at least seven people were killed and some ### hurt in overnight blasts at mexican independence day celebrations in michoacan , the heart of a government crackdown on violent drug gangs that has left thousands dead nationwide .
the federal reserve on tuesday held unchanged its base lending rate at #.# percent , and said the economy faces risks on both growth and inflation .
kenyan prosecutors have failed to prove that a british aristocrat shot and killed a trespasser on his ancestral ranch more than two years ago , the defense said tuesday .
the federal reserve on tuesday held unchanged its base lending rate at #.# percent , and said the economy faces risks on both and inflation .
a guest at a dutch hotel found a live , #.# metre python in the toilet , alerting authorities who arrested four people for illegally trading in rare animals , news agency anp said tuesday .
three congolese civilians died and four un peacekeepers were injured in a car accident in the eastern city of goma on tuesday .
the united nations on tuesday warned that a shortage of food and water was worsening the effects of a searing drought in ethiopia 's restive somali region .
northern ireland 's politicians risk throwing away a decade of progress unless they take the final steps towards full devolution from london , british prime minister gordon brown warned tuesday .
a junior minister resigned from british prime minister gordon brown 's government on tuesday , increasing the pressure for a leadership challenge against the embattled labor party leader .
iran warned on tuesday it will not respond to every adverse claim about its nuclear drive , after a damning report from the un atomic watchdog left the global community divided about future action .
police surrounded two toronto schools tuesday and launched a manhunt for suspects in a shooting at the <unk> business and technical institute that sent a student to hospital .
a report tuesday , purportedly from nigeria 's official news agency , that president umaru yar ` adua may resign because of ill health brought a furious denial from the presidency .
a nigerian rebel group said tuesday it had blown up and destroyed a royal dutch shell pipeline in the latest attack in its `` oil war '' on the government and western firms .
british artist damien hirst set a new record tuesday after a two-day sale of his work fetched some ### million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars , ### million euros -rrb- , auction house sotheby 's said tuesday .
the top brass of zimbabwe president robert mugabe 's party will meet wednesday to discuss the assignment of ministerial portfolios in the new national unity government , a party spokesman said .
the commander of nato-led forces in afghanistan said tuesday he issued a revised directive on the use of lethal force following an air strike last month in which scores of civilians were reported killed .
a florida judge has deemed unconstitutional a law banning baggy pants that show off the wearer 's underwear , local media reported tuesday .
british artist damien hirst set a new record tuesday after a two-day sale of his work fetched some ### million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars , ### million euros -rrb- , auction house sotheby 's said tuesday .
the dollar fell against the yen tuesday but was off early lows , boosted by repatriation of funds to the united states amid panic on the world financial markets and a dip in oil prices , analysts said .
kuwait 's oil minister mohammad <unk> said the ministry has so far signed `` letters of intent '' rather than full contracts for five foreign oil majors which won the bidding to build a ##-billion-dollar oil refinery .
oil prices fell tuesday , slipping under ## dollars on the belief that weak economic growth will result in lower energy demand , traders said .
democratic white house hopeful barack obama said tuesday every american was now reaping the results of republicans ' refusal to regulate wall street .
the un world food programme welcomed tuesday an eu initiative to help combat piracy off the cost of somalia , but appealed for a naval escort to help get aid to the strife-torn horn of africa country .
spanish media giant prisa said tuesday it has received several preliminary offers for its pay-tv unit digital + which it plans to sell either in part or in full .
the eu 's top competition regulator has opened an investigation into a proposed online advertising tie-up between internet giants google and yahoo , a spokesman said tuesday .
british insurer aviva said tuesday it has exposure of less than ### million pounds -lrb- ### million euros , ### million dollars -rrb- to collapsed us investment bank lehman brothers .
chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , admiral michael mullen , arrived in pakistan on an unannounced visit tuesday to discuss operations underway on the afghanistan frontier with pakistan 's leaders , the pentagon said .
at least seven people were killed and another ## hurt in overnight blasts at a mexican independence day celebration in michoacan , where the government is embroiled in a crackdown on violent drug gangs that has left thousands dead .
world stock markets tumbled for a second straight day on tuesday , with investors unnerved by the risk of a full-blown global financial crisis despite huge cash injections from central banks .
a junior minister resigned from british prime minister gordon brown 's government on tuesday , increasing the pressure for a leadership challenge against the embattled labor party leader .
us insurance titan aig faced collapse and leading bank shares around the world plunged tuesday after the crash of lehman brothers , forcing central banks to prop up the system with tens of billions of dollars .
french president nicolas sarkozy 's approval rating has bounced back to its highest level in months , with ## percent of voters voicing a good opinion of him , a poll showed tuesday .
argentina is to delay construction of latin america 's first high-speed railway , due to budgetary concerns amid the depressed global economy , a government source told afp tuesday .
human rights watch called on the saudi government to lift a four-year-old travel ban on saudi lawyer abdurrahman <unk> , a winner of the #### human rights defender award .
hundreds of former nepalese gurkha soldiers marched on london 's high court tuesday to press their demand for the right to settle in britain , as a judge began a judicial review of their legal challenge .
the federal reserve on tuesday injected ## billion dollars of liquidity to help stressed financial markets , a move coming on the heels of similar actions by other central banks .
the head of the world trade organization said tuesday he could call ministers back to the negotiating table `` in the weeks to come '' if there are signs of progress in finally clinching a global trade deal .
the vatican announced monday it will host a conference on evolutionary theory next year coinciding with its ###th anniversary -- and as creationism gains ground among fundamentalist christians .
russia 's main stock exchanges suspended trade tuesday in the face of massive falls as the failure of us investment bank giant lehman brothers sparked panic on global markets .
european stock markets closed down sharply on tuesday but were off early lows as wall street fought back on hopes the authorities will be able to prevent a global market meltdown .
wall street saw highly volatile trade tuesday as investors looked for signs on the failure or rescue of insurance giant aig , a behemoth whose collapse could deal a further blow to a shaken global finance system .
british lender alliance &amp; leicester said tuesday that its shareholders have overwhelmingly voted in favor of a takeover from santander , spain 's biggest bank .
president viktor yushchenko on tuesday said ukraine would not accept outside interference , in a thinly-veiled reference to russia , after the collapse of the pro-western ruling coalition .
shareholders dumped stocks of switzerland 's biggest bank ubs on tuesday in the aftermath of us investment bank lehman brothers ' collapse , with analysts predicting more possible ubs writedowns .
european stock markets closed down sharply on tuesday but were off early lows as wall street fought back on hopes the authorities will be able to prevent a global market meltdown .
a court of appeal in malawi threw out a fresh bid by the country 's graft-busting agency to revive charges against ex-president bakili muluzi , court officials said tuesday .
thirty years after egypt and israel signed the camp david accords , which led to israel 's first peace treaty with an arab nation , the egyptian street is divided between <unk> and optimism .
britain agrees that us cross-border incursions by us forces into pakistan `` did n't help , '' pakistani president asif ali zardari said tuesday , as he sought london 's help in a simmering row with washington .
bavaria 's already embattled premier found himself in trouble on tuesday after saying that driving is okay after two litres -lrb- three and half pints -rrb- of beer at the oktoberfest starting this week .
us president george w. bush on tuesday urged americans to donate to relief funds for victims of hurricane ike and other deadly storms , fretting the public may have `` disaster fatigue .
the european anti-fraud office has posted an officer in beijing , a move prompted by the huge number of counterfeit cigarettes emanating from china , the groups ' head said tuesday .
american international group neared collapse tuesday as a credit downgrade put the insurance giant into a death spiral that analysts said could deepen the global financial crisis .
world stock markets tumbled for a second straight day on tuesday , with investors unnerved by the risk of a full-blown global financial crisis despite huge cash injections from central banks .
a swaziland opposition group on tuesday questioned the sending of vote observers to witness a national poll on friday in the mountain kingdom , calling it a `` mockery of democratic elections '' .
authorities in bolivia on tuesday arrested the governor of the restive state of pando , leopoldo fernandez , in connection with the deaths of at least several people during last week 's clashes between pro- and anti-government factions .
shares in belgian-dutch bank fortis plummeted more than ## percent on the amsterdam stock exchange tuesday before recovering slightly amid global panic on the international financial markets .
an unprecedented auction by british artist damien hirst raked in more millions on tuesday , after breaking art world records even in the teeth of the global financial downturn .
the eu 's top competition regulator has opened an investigation into a proposed online advertising tie-up between internet giants google and yahoo , a spokesman said tuesday .
the peace corps , a us government program that sends americans to volunteer in developing countries , has temporarily halted its work in bolivia on security concerns , it said tuesday .
hundreds of protestors demonstrated in stockholm tuesday against a controversial new swedish law allowing all emails and telephone calls to be monitored in the name of national security .
turkish shares lost #.## percent on tuesday , extending losses on fears the bankruptcy of us investment bank lehman brothers could spark a global financial market meltdown .
nato chief jaap de hoop scheffer on tuesday inspected the damage from last month 's war in georgia and said the country 's path to nato membership was `` wide open '' despite russian opposition .
swiss banking giant ubs on tuesday said that it has exposure worth less than ### million dollars to us investment bank lehman brothers , which filed for bankruptcy in a dramatic collapse .
rebels fought the army on tuesday for control of four towns in the eastern democratic republic of congo , ending a tacit four-day truce in the powderkeg region , the military and witnesses said .
india and nepal said on tuesday they would review a decades-old pact governing bilateral relations that has been a source of friction between the south asian neighbors .
the national organization for women -lrb- now -rrb- said tuesday it had been pushed by the republicans pick of sarah palin as vice presidential nominee to back democrat barack obama for the white house .
us oil giant chevron on tuesday confirmed a shooting around its <unk> platform in restive southern nigeria in the early hours of the morning .
talks to form zimbabwe 's new government were postponed on tuesday , amid caution from analysts that past hostilities were likely to haunt the country 's shattered economy and fragile political unity .
the egyptian stock exchange continued to fall sharply on tuesday , taking losses on key stocks to more than ## percent over the past two two trading sessions .
democrat barack obama tuesday cranked up his assault on john mccain after the republican declared the us economy was `` strong '' despite the wall street turmoil hammering global markets .
russia 's main stock markets suspended trading tuesday in the face of massive falls as the failure of us investment bank giant lehman brothers sparked panic on global markets .
a report tuesday by nigeria 's official news agency that president umaru yar ` adua may resign because of ill health set off renewed speculation about the leader and brought a furious denial from the presidency .
the united nations pulled its staff out of rebel-held areas in sri lanka 's north on tuesday after the government refused to guarantee the safety of aid workers .
us president george w. bush will meet with army general david petraeus on wednesday to discuss his duties as commander of all american forces in the middle east , the white house said tuesday .
french commandos freed a couple seized by pirates off somalia in the second such mission this year , leading president nicolas sarkozy to call tuesday for an international crackdown on sea raiders .
the united states and china were to hold cabinet-level trade talks in california tuesday amid tensions over china 's massive export surplus and an escalating wto auto parts dispute .
iran warned on tuesday it will not respond to every adverse claim about its nuclear drive , after a damning report from the un atomic watchdog left the global community divided about future action .
at least seven people were killed and another ## hurt when overnight explosions ripped through a mexican independence day celebration in morelia , the government said tuesday .
two senior members of the armed basque separatist group eta have publicly disagreed with politics of confrontation followed by the outfit and its banned political wing batasuna in a letter published tuesday .
a nigerian rebel group said tuesday it had blown up and destroyed a royal dutch shell pipeline in the latest attack in its `` oil war '' on the government and western firms .
us general raymond odierno took command of us-led forces in iraq from david petraeus on tuesday , warning that security gains in the country were `` fragile and reversible .
goldman sachs reported tuesday that its third quarter earnings plunged ## percent amid decreased client activity and volatile markets , but still did better than analysts had feared .
us defense secretary robert gates arrived in the afghan capital kabul tuesday for talks with commanders and president hamid karzai .
the mauritanian army was on the hunt tuesday for al-qaeda operatives suspected of ambushing a military patrol in a northern desert region .
a junior minister resigned from british prime minister gordon brown 's government on tuesday , increasing the pressure for a leadership challenge against the embattled labor party leader .
british bank hbos said tuesday that it has a `` strong capital base '' with sufficient funding , after its share price plunged by more than a third on fears about the health of the global banking sector .
central banks pumped billions into money markets for a second day tuesday as worries grew that us insurance giant aig might follow investment bank lehman brothers into bankruptcy and spark a global meltdown .
us oil giant chevron on tuesday confirmed a shooting around its <unk> platform in restive southern nigeria in the early hours of the morning .
shares in belgian-dutch bank fortis plummeted more than ## percent on the amsterdam stock exchange tuesday amid global panic on the international financial markets .
tens of thousands of demonstrators staged fresh protests tuesday outside the indian factory slated to make the world 's cheapest car after claims of broken promises .
british banking group hbos said tuesday that it has a `` strong capital base '' with sufficient funding , after its share price plunged by more than ## percent in choppy trade .
hundreds of friends and relatives on tuesday attended the funeral in the slovak town of kosice of the victims of a coach crash in croatia that left ## people dead and ## injured .
arab stock markets across the energy-rich gulf resisted further large losses on tuesday , a day after a sharp decline on the lehman brothers bankruptcy and a big drop in oil prices .
kenya 's prime minister raila odinga on tuesday suggested power-sharing as a way out of political crises in african countries and hailed zimbabwe for clinching such an accord .
russia 's main stock market suspended trading tuesday after plummeting more than ## percent , having lost more than half its value since may , as failing wall street banks caused panic on global markets .
the financial firestorm that has spread around the world from the us home loan market in the last ## months is now widely described as the biggest crisis since the crash of #### , but with some big differences .
russian prosecutors will conduct a flight safety inquiry on national carrier aeroflot following a crash that killed ## people , the prosecutor general 's office said .
the brother-in-law to ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra appeared on the verge of thailand 's premiership after being endorsed by the country 's ruling coalition tuesday evening .
us president george w. bush will meet with army general david petraeus on wednesday to discuss his duties as commander of all american forces in the middle east , the white house said tuesday .
the financial firestorm that has spread around the world from the us home loan market in the last ## months is now widely described as the biggest crisis since the crash of #### , but with some big differences .
world stock markets crumbled for a second straight day on tuesday , with investors unnerved by prospects for a full-blown global financial crisis despite huge cash injections from central banks .
president bashar al-assad on tuesday named syria 's first ambassador to iraq since the #### us-led invasion which toppled saddam hussein , the official sana news agency reported .
shares in american international group slid ## percent at the open amid heightened fears of bankruptcy at what was once the world 's largest insurance company .
us stocks opened lower tuesday in a second day of a global market rout on fears that insurance giant american international group may be the next credit crunch victim .
officials across europe on tuesday downplayed the effects of the collapse of lehman brothers and resulting stock meltdown while central banks pumped billions in to prop up ailing markets .
frankfurt 's blue chip dax ## index was down more than three percent early afternoon tuesday , adding to a #.## percent fall on monday after us investment bank lehman brothers filed for bankruptcy protection .
somchai wongsawat , brother-in-law to ousted premier thaksin shinawatra , will be nominated as thailand 's prime minister after garnering support from five coalition parties , he said at a press conference tuesday .
eu and roma community leaders on tuesday sought to end discrimination and poverty suffered by one of europe 's biggest minorities , with italy 's treatment of roma casting a cloud over a summit .
press freedom campaigners in the democratic republic of congo tuesday protested the arrest of a television journalist they say was held in secret for ## hours and accused of `` incitement to rebellion '' .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi 's popularity ratings are at their highest since his return to power after general elections in april , two surveys published tuesday said .
the brother-in-law to ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra appeared closer to thailand 's premiership tuesday as members of the ruling coalition were expected to endorse him later in the evening .
stocks in oslo plunged by more than eight percent on tuesday in the wake of the global financial crisis and accentuated by a drop in oil prices .
shares in ubs , switzerland 's biggest bank and one of the worst-hit by the subprime crisis , plunged more than ## percent tuesday the aftermath of the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers .
bosnian police arrested four people as part of a joint international operation aimed at breaking up an arms smuggling ring carried out simultaneously in several countries , police and media said tuesday .
poland 's liberal government is drafting a law that would introduce obligatory chemical castration for convicted paedophiles , a government press statement said tuesday .
global stock markets plunged for a second day on tuesday as investors in europe nervously awaited the reopening of wall street and a decision on us interest rates amid fears of a full blown crisis in the financial system .
lebanon 's rival factions launched national reconciliation talks on tuesday to resolve lingering disputes after a crisis that brought the nation to the brink of civil war , with the thorny issue of hezbollah 's weapons topping the agenda .
democrat barack obama launched an ad offensive tuesday after his republican white house rival john mccain insisted the us economy was still fundamentally `` strong .
spain 's supreme court has banned a basque independence party linked to the outlawed political wing of the armed separatist group eta , chief justice francisco jose hernando said tuesday .
human rights group amnesty international on tuesday slammed nordic countries , in particular finland , for failing to combat rape and sexual violence and called for legal reforms .
anglo-dutch oil giant royal dutch shell tuesday confirmed an overnight attack on one of its pipelines in southern nigeria .
british artist damien hirst received more good news tuesday after breaking records with an unprecedented auction of his works , beating sales forecasts even in the teeth of a global financial downturn .
the murder trial of three people accused of killing british student meredith kercher opened tuesday in central italy , the ansa news agency reported .
the top united nations human rights official on tuesday slammed growing civilian casualties in afghanistan as new figures showed august was the deadliest month since the fall of the taliban .
german sports car maker porsche said it had raised its stake in volkswagen to ## percent tuesday , effectively winning control of europe 's biggest automaker .
botswana , among robert mugabe 's harshest critics in the region , on tuesday welcomed zimbabwe 's power-sharing deal and urged the international community to help the country 's shattered economy .
banking shares in europe and asia plunged on tuesday on alarm over the state of the financial system , bank profits and asset values and despite a flood of central bank money to shore up confidence .
anglo-dutch oil giant royal dutch shell tuesday confirmed an overnight attack on one its pipelines in southern nigeria .
americans have been betrayed by a `` casino '' on wall street , republican presidential candidate john mccain said tuesday , defending earlier comments that us economic fundamentals are `` strong .
london 's ftse ### index of leading shares tuesday tumbled below #,### points for the first time in more than three years as global financial markets continued to suffer from the collapse of lehman brothers .
iran warned on tuesday that the un nuclear watchdog should not expect tehran to address any claim about its nuclear activities , after a damning report on its cooperation with the agency .
us consumer prices dropped #.# percent in august as falling energy costs eased inflation pressures , government data showed tuesday .
turkey 's main kurdish party rejected charges tuesday that it was linked to separatist kurdish rebels , in a court case in which it risks being outlawed , its chairman said .
rwanda 's ruling party won a majority of seats in parliamentary polls in which it faced little opposition , the electoral commision chief said tuesday .
hundreds of former nepalese gurkha soldiers marched on london 's high court tuesday to press their demand for the right to settle in britain , as a judge began a judicial review of their legal challenge .
the federal reserve on tuesday injected ## billion dollars of liquidity to help stressed financial markets , a move coming on the heels of similar actions by other central banks .
the federal reserve said tuesday it was set to make a `` large '' injection of liquidity to help stressed financial markets , a move coming on the heels of similar actions by other central banks .
israel 's embattled prime minister ehud olmert still believes a peace deal with the palestinians is possible by year 's end despite a looming vote to replace him , his spokesman said on tuesday .
world equities plunged for a second day running on tuesday as investors in europe nervously awaited the reopening of wall street and a key decision on us interest rates amid a financial meltdown .
eu and roma community leaders on tuesday sought to end discrimination and poverty suffered by one of europe 's biggest minorities , with italy 's treatment of roma casting a cloud over a summit .
the federal reserve said tuesday it was set to make a `` large '' injection of liquidity to help stressed financial markets , a move coming on the heels of similar actions by other central banks .
at least ## people were killed on tuesday when hamas-run security forces clashed with a powerful local family in gaza city , palestinian security officials said .
indian shares ended flat tuesday , rebounding from intra-day lows on hopes the us federal reserve may cut rates to boost the us economy after investment bank lehman brothers ' collapse , dealers said .
british ##-month inflation hit a fresh ##-year high of #.# percent in august on the back of soaring domestic energy bills , official data showed .
germany 's closely watched zew economic indicator strengthened in its latest reading released tuesday , boosted by lower oil prices and a weaker euro and beating expectations .
polish prosecutors have charged three teenaged georgian judo competitors with the sexual assault of a polish woman in the capital warsaw , prosecutors said tuesday .
nato chief jaap de hoop scheffer on tuesday said georgia 's path to nato membership remained `` wide open '' despite last month 's war and warned russia against trying to block the alliance 's expansion .
opec on tuesday cut its world oil demand growth forecast for #### to #.## percent from #.## percent previously , in the face of falling demand in the united states , the world 's biggest energy consumer .
france joined the united states tuesday in calling for new united nations sanctions to force iran to comply with international demands over its contested nuclear program .
lebanon 's rival factions launched national reconciliation talks on tuesday to resolve lingering disputes after a crisis that brought the nation to the brink of civil war , with the thorny issue of hezbollah 's weapons topping the agenda .
a philippines woman who proved that her body was naturally turning male has been allowed to change her name from jennifer to jeff , the supreme court said tuesday .
the eu 's top competition regulator on tuesday cleared the purchase by spain 's largest bank , santander , of british lender alliance and leicester .
russia 's key stock market index plunged more than ## percent on tuesday , as global markets convulsed following the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers .
india 's top outsourcing body forecast tuesday that the impact on the sector from the global turmoil triggered by investment bank lehman brothers ' collapse would only be `` short term .
iran has the power to control the gulf as no vessel can cross the vital seaway without coming in range of its sophisticated weaponry , a top aide to supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said on tuesday .
france joined the united states tuesday in calling for new united nations sanctions to force iran to comply with international demands over its contested nuclear program .
a strong #.#-magnitude quake struck east of the east timorese capital tuesday , the united states geological survey -lrb- usgs -rrb- said .
russia 's key stock market index plunged more than nine percent on tuesday , as global markets convulsed following the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers .
the body of a four-year-old french girl who police suspect was murdered and dumped in a river by her israeli grandfather was on tuesday flown for burial in france , police said .
french commandos freed a couple seized by pirates off somalia in the second mission this year , leading president nicolas sarkozy to call tuesday for an international crackdown on sea raiders .
world oil prices dipped briefly beneath ## dollars a barrel tuesday on growing economic gloom that was likely to further dampen demand for energy in the months ahead , traders said .
british artist damien hirst received more good news tuesday after breaking records with an unprecedented auction of his works , beating sales forecasts even in the teeth of a global financial downturn .
central banks pumped billions into money markets for a second day tuesday as efforts intensified to stop the demise of lehman brothers turning the year-old credit crunch into a credit freeze .
a strong #.#-magnitude quake struck southeast of the east timorese capital tuesday , seismologists in neighbouring indonesia said .
the european anti-fraud office -lrb- olaf -rrb- has posted an officer in beijing , a move prompted by the huge number of counterfeit cigarettes emanating from china , the groups ' head said tuesday .
opec on tuesday cut its world oil demand growth forecast for #### to #.## percent from #.## percent previously , in the face of falling demand in the united states .
shares in british bank hbos plunged by more than ## percent in early afternoon trade here on tuesday as investor fears grew about the health of the global banking sector .
a huge chalk giant who has long raised eyebrows among visitors is being given a clean-up to stop the ancient british fertility symbol disappearing into the hillside , conservationists said tuesday .
london 's ftse ### index of leading shares tumbled to its lowest level for more than three years tuesday as global financial markets continued to suffer from the collapse of lehman brothers .
a homemade explosive device was defused outside the dublin office of the shell oil company , which has faced protests in ireland over a natural gas field , an army spokesman said on tuesday .
rescuers on tuesday continued search operations after typhoon sinlaku pounded taiwan over the weekend , leaving at least ## people dead , officials said .
pakistani president asif ali zardari held talks with british prime minister gordon brown on tuesday , expected to include discussions tribal areas along the afghan border .
sweden 's centre-right government on tuesday announced income tax cuts of ## billion kronor -lrb- #.## billion euros , #.## billion dollars -rrb- in a bid to stimulate the job market , one of its primary objectives .
tamil tiger rebels set off a powerful bomb inside a public bus in the sri lankan capital tuesday , after sri lanka 's president said his troops are on track to capture the rebel 's northern capital .
european union and roma community leaders held a summit tuesday to seek ways to end the discrimination and poverty suffered by one of europe 's biggest minorities .
us insurance giant aig raced against the clock to avert collapse tuesday after three blows to its credit standing , and central banks pumped out ### billion dollars to prop up financial markets .
ukraine 's political crisis is being played out among three key players -- president viktor yushchenko , prime minister yulia tymoshenko and pro-russian opposition leader viktor yanukovych .
a hong kong supermarket chain issued a recall on an yogurt ice bar on tuesday after it was found to contain melamine , which has killed at least two babies in china and sickened hundreds more .
world equities slumped for a second day running on tuesday as anxious investors waited to see if us insurance giant aig would suffer the same fate as bankrupt us investment bank lehman brothers .
us general raymond odierno took command of us-led forces in iraq from david petraeus on tuesday , warning that security gains in the country were `` fragile and reversible .
thai share prices shed #.## percent on tuesday following the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
dominique strauss-kahn , the head of the international monetary fund , said on tuesday the current international credit crisis was `` unprecedented '' but cautioned against panic .
the dollar on tuesday fell to more than three-month lows against the yen as the lehman brothers bankruptcy sparked worries over the entire global financial system , analysts said .
polio vaccinations for over a million afghan children have been canceled , the world health organization said tuesday after two doctors were killed in a taliban suicide attack .
world markets were on high alert tuesday for more shocks from shattered wall street banking , focusing on insurance giant aig and on a critical us rate decision as shares fell further .
french commandos have freed a sailor couple seized by pirates off somalia , in the second such mission this year , leading president nicolas sarkozy to call tuesday for an international crackdown in the crime-infested waters .
iran 's elite revolutionary guards have been charged with defending the gulf in case of any invasion , a senior advisor to iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said on tuesday .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday as the fallout from the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers outweighed beijing 's first interest rate cut in years , dealers said .
vietnamese and us officials tuesday said they would further cooperate in responding to environmental and health concerns associated with agent orange dioxin , a toxic defoliant used during the vietnam war .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday as the fallout from the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers outweighed beijing 's first interest rate cut in years , dealers said .
the widow of an indonesian human rights activist allegedly poisoned by state intelligence agents told a court tuesday she had received death threats before and after her husband 's murder .
sweden 's centre-right government on tuesday announced income tax cuts of ## billion kronor -lrb- #.## billion euros , #.## billion dollars -rrb- aimed at stimulating employment , one of its primary objectives .
indian shares ended flat tuesday , rebounding from intra-day lows on hopes the us federal reserve may cut rates to boost the us economy after investment bank lehman brothers ' collapse , dealers said .
the european central bank said tuesday it allocated ### billion euros -lrb- ### billion dollars -rrb- in a regular weekly refinancing operation that saw markedly higher interest rates following the collapse of lehman brothers .
at least three people died with another ## wounded overnight when twin explosions ripped through a mexican independence day celebration in morelia , the government said tuesday .
one policeman died as a mob armed with home-made guns attacked and set fire to a police station in orissa state , where hindu-christian violence has left nearly ## dead in a month , officials said tuesday .
as lehman brothers workers packed their bags across asia , an employee of the once venerable wall street firm in tokyo said he felt like he had been handed the death penalty .
a senior iranian mp said on tuesday the un nuclear watchdog should not expect tehran to address just `` any claim '' about its disputed nuclear activities , the state irna news agency reported .
indonesian shares closed one percent higher tuesday , rebounding after panic selling of commodity stocks sent the index plunging in early trade , dealers said .
pink floyd guitarist david gilmour paid tribute to the band 's keyboard player richard wright , who died of cancer aged ## , praising his `` quiet touch '' that brought their classic albums to life .
china said tuesday that un-imposed sanctions would not resolve the stalemate over iran 's nuclear program , after the united states raised the prospect of new tough action .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on tuesday following the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
indian shares recovered some losses to trade down #.## percent tuesday afternoon after opening more than three percent lower following us investment bank lehman brothers ' collapse , dealers said .
malaysia 's prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi on tuesday rejected the opposition 's declaration that it has signed up enough defecting lawmakers to seize power , accusing it of `` political lies .
south african media on tuesday reacted cautiously to zimbabwe 's new political deal , saying that it would take `` more than a piece of paper '' to shift president robert mugabe 's ##-year grip on power .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent lower tuesday in line with regional bourses on concerns over the health of us financial institutions and declining crude palm oil prices , dealers said .
world oil prices dipped briefly beneath ## dollars a barrel on tuesday amid growing economic gloom and fears of slowing energy demand , traders said .
world leaders need to take coordinated action to manage the current financial crisis , british finance minister alastair darling said tuesday , while voicing confidence the storm can be weathered .
global equities tumbled for a second day running on tuesday as anxious investors waited to see if us insurance giant aig would suffer the same fate as bankrupt us investment bank lehman brothers .
at least three people were killed and another ## wounded overnight when twin explosions ripped through a mexican independence day celebration in the western city of morelia , the government said tuesday .
the collapse of ukraine 's ruling coalition on tuesday comes after years of political infighting in this former soviet republic split between ties with russia and integration with europe .
indonesian shares closed one percent higher tuesday , rebounding after panic selling of commodity stocks sent the index plunging in early trade , dealers said .
switzerland 's central bank would `` generously '' supply liquidity to ease tensions stemming from the us banking crisis , a spokesman told afp on tuesday .
gunmen shot dead an afghan intelligence agent and his wife and their two sons in their beds early tuesday , officials said , pinning the murders on islamic taliban-linked militants .
large-scale labor migration from the philippines is expected to gather pace despite a global credit crunch that has slowed growth in many nations hosting filipino workers , officials and experts said tuesday .
an indonesian businessman has been arrested and faces five years in jail over a stampede that killed ## women as they crowded for cash handouts during the muslim holy month , police said tuesday .
eleven suspects have been charged over a smuggling operation to pump vodka from russia to estonia via a two kilometre -lrb- one-mile -rrb- underwater pipeline , estonian prosecutors said tuesday .
russia 's key stock market plunged more than seven percent on tuesday , pushing it to below half of its record high in may as global markets convulsed on the collapse of us bank lehman brothers .
germany 's closely watched zew economic indicator showed an improvement in its latest reading released tuesday , boosted by lower oil prices and a weaker euro , and beating expectations .
us general raymond odierno took charge of us-led forces in iraq on tuesday from david petraeus , warning that security gains in the country were `` fragile and reversible .
australian scientists were hopeful tuesday that two tonnes of bones found in the country 's northeast are the remains of a new species of dinosaur .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on tuesday after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
at least ## people were killed on tuesday when hamas-run security forces clashed with a powerful local family in gaza city , palestinian security officials said .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday as the fallout from the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers outweighed beijing 's first interest rate cut in years , dealers said .
republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin will not cooperate with a legislative inquiry into her firing of an alaska official , her campaign said monday , labeling the probe `` partisan .
the brother-in-law to ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra moved a step closer to thailand 's premiership tuesday after dissenting members of the ruling party rallied behind him .
former nepalese gurkha soldiers marched on london 's high court on tuesday to press their campaign for the right to settle in britain , ahead of a judicial review into their legal challenge .
lebanon 's rival factions launched national reconciliation talks on tuesday to resolve lingering disputes after a crisis that brought the nation to the brink of civil war , with the thorny issue of hezbollah 's weapons topping the agenda .
general motors marked its ###th anniversary tuesday , saying its future lay in china as it broke ground on a research facility that will develop hybrid and electric cars for the chinese market .
inflation in the ## countries sharing the euro came off record highs in august , providing a rare upbeat note as the threat of recession looms , official eu data showed on tuesday .
the head of nato stressed georgia 's alliance aspirations in tbilisi ahead of a tour tuesday of the war-torn city of gori , just a short drive from where russian troops are dug in .
the bank of england on tuesday injected ## billion pounds -lrb- ##.# billion euros , ##.# billion dollars -rrb- into money markets , four times the amount it had offered monday after the collapse of lehman brothers .
venezuelan president hugo chavez will pay a state visit to china from september ##-## , the foreign ministry announced here on tuesday .
french commandos have freed a french couple taken hostage by somali pirates two weeks ago , killing one pirate and capturing six others , president nicolas sarkozy said tuesday .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- said it injected ## billion euros -lrb- ##.# billion euros -rrb- into money markets tuesday in the second operation of its kind in two days after the collapse of lehman brothers .
iran 's elite revolutionary guards have been charged with defending the gulf in case of any invasion , a senior advisor to iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said on tuesday .
demand for new cars has fallen in europe , down #.# percent in july and a massive ##.# percent in august from last year , hit by low consumer confidence and high petrol prices , a manufacturers group announced tuesday .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
top philippines lenders banco de oro and metrobank said tuesday they were setting aside provisions totalling ##.# million dollars to cover their exposure to the lehman brothers ' collapse .
budget carrier airasia said tuesday it would launch daily flights between bangkok and hong kong from october as it continues to expand its network despite high oil prices .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on tuesday after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
the debacle at us investment bank lehman brothers will lead to tighter credit conditions in the weeks ahead , french economy minister christine lagarde said on tuesday .
the asian development bank warned tuesday that china could risk becoming the `` next vietnam '' , suffering a sudden outflow of short-term speculative funds when the current global turmoil subsides .
a nigerian rebel group said tuesday it had blown up and destroyed a royal dutch shell pipeline in the latest attack in its `` oil war '' on western firms .
french president nicolas sarkozy called tuesday for an international drive to combat piracy off the somali coast , after ordering a special forces operation to free two french hostages in the area .
for commuters on moscow 's metro system long used to surly faces , rattling wagons and <unk> traveling companions , a new website offers a chance to cheer up their daily journey .
israel 's embattled prime minister ehud olmert still believes a peace deal with the palestinians is possible by year 's end despite a looming vote to replace him , his spokesman said on tuesday .
us general raymond odierno took charge of us-led forces in iraq on tuesday from david petraeus , the general credited with pulling the violence-wracked country back from all-out civil war .
the european union on tuesday condemned the `` indiscriminate '' killing of civilians in the southern philippines amid a surge in muslim separatist violence , warning it could affect future aid .
stock markets across the nordic region fell again on tuesday after trading opened , extending the heavy losses from a day earlier on the collapse of lehman brothers .
south korean shares closed #.# percent lower tuesday after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers sent global stock markets into shock , dealers said .
a nigerian rebel group said tuesday it had blown up and destroyed a royal dutch shell pipeline in the latest attack in its `` oil war '' on western firms .
german pharmaceutical and chemicals giant bayer said tuesday it had acquired german biotechnology company <unk> for ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- .
asian banks could be spared the worst of the global financial meltdown thanks to conservative lending that has avoided the worst mistakes of risky subprime us mortgage loans , analysts say .
bolivia 's leftist government and rebel right-wing governors were tuesday readying for negotiations aimed at ending a bitter and enduring political conflict that last week blew up into deadly street violence .
global equities tumbled for a second day running tuesday as anxious investors waited to see if us insurance giant aig would suffer the same fate as bankrupt us investment bank lehman brothers .
russia 's key stock market plunged more than five percent in early trading tuesday , pushing it to below half of its may high as global markets convulsed after the collapse of us financial giant lehman brothers .
top philippines lenders banco de oro and metrobank said tuesday they were setting aside provisions totalling ##.# million dollars to cover their exposure to the lehman brothers ' collapse .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday as the fallout from the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers outweighed beijing 's first interest rate cut in years , dealers said .
us insurance giant american international group failed monday to convince credit agencies of its financial well-being , forcing it into a race against the clock to find a multi-billion-dollar infusion to stay afloat .
malaysian opposition leader anwar ibrahim said tuesday he has secured the support of more than ## government lawmakers , enabling him to form a new administration with a slim majority .
china said tuesday that united <unk> sanctions would not resolve the stalemate over iran 's nuclear program , after the united states raised the prospect of new tough action .
german inflation eased to #.# percent in august from a record #.# percent in july and june , with food and energy prices rising not as strongly as before , the statistics office said tuesday .
european union countries must stand by budget overspending rules despite the financial crisis , eu economic affairs commissioner joaquin almunia said tuesday .
french shares fell by #.## percent to #,###.## points in early trading on tuesday , as markets reeled for a second day from a series of distress signals from wall street .
australian prime minister kevin rudd held talks with top economic officials and central bankers tuesday on the lehman brothers collapse that has left his country 's sharemarket and currency reeling .
zimbabwe 's new political partners were set to start talks to allocate cabinet posts on tuesday following the signing of a historic power-sharing deal between former arch rivals .
the world 's largest staffing group adecco on tuesday said it had dropped a bid to acquire british firm michael page international , saying it was committed to being `` financially disciplined .
australian shares closed down #.# percent tuesday as the collapse of giant us investment bank lehman brothers continued to rock global markets , dealers said .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower on tuesday as the global fallout from the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers outweighed beijing 's interest rate cut , dealers said .
an australian man was tuesday found guilty of being part of a home-grown terror cell which plotted to bomb crowded public places to force the withdrawal of troops from iraq and afghanistan .
london 's ftse ### index of leading shares tumbled #.## percent to #,###.## points soon after the start of trading on tuesday , extending the heavy losses from a day earlier on the collapse of lehman brothers .
barclays , the third biggest british bank , said tuesday it was in discussions with lehman brothers about buying certain assets of the stricken us investment bank .
china said tuesday that un-imposed sanctions would not resolve the stalemate over iran 's nuclear program , after the united states raised the prospect of new tough action .
at least six people were killed on tuesday when hamas-run security forces clashed with a powerful local family in gaza city , according to palestinian security officials .
john mccain on monday insisted us economic `` fundamentals '' were strong despite a banking crisis and wall street meltdown , prompting a scathing rebuke from his white house foe barack obama .
the frankfurt stock exchange fell #.## percent to #,###.## points at the opening on tuesday .
beijing is to lift driving curbs credited with clearing the city 's smog and traffic during the olympics as planned this weekend , a city official said tuesday , despite broad public support .
a nigerian rebel group said tuesday it had blown up and destroyed a royal dutch shell pipeline in the latest attack in its `` oil war '' on western firms .
the dollar fell to two-month lows against the yen in asia on tuesday as the lehman brothers ' bankruptcy sparked worries over the entire global financial system , analysts and dealers said .
authorities in the northern somali breakaway state of puntland on tuesday praised a french commando operation to release two sailors taken hostage by pirates .
malaysian opposition leader anwar ibrahim said tuesday he has secured the support of at least ## government lawmakers , enabling him to form a new administration with a slim majority .
australian shares closed down #.# percent tuesday as the collapse of giant us investment bank lehman brothers continued to rock global markets , dealers said .
taiwan shares close down #.## percent tuesday to a ##-month low , after the collapse of the us bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
the european union on tuesday condemned the `` indiscriminate '' killing of civilians amid an upsurge of muslim separatist violence in the southern philippines and warned it could affect future aid .
british bank barclays said tuesday it was in discussions with lehman brothers about buying certain assets of the near-bankrupt us investment bank .
new zealand share prices fell #.## percent tuesday , their largest decline in six years , as the lehman brothers collapse hit the market with `` the equivalent of a nuclear explosion '' , dealers said .
in a roller-coaster political career , anwar ibrahim was sacked a decade ago as deputy premier and jailed for six years before returning to the political stage as malaysian opposition leader .
vietnam called on the european union to end its anti-dumping duties on leather footwear , denouncing the `` hard '' impact it has on local companies and employment .
us general raymond odierno will take charge of us-led forces in iraq on tuesday from david petraeus , the commander credited with pulling the violence-wracked country back from all-out civil war .
the most prominent armed group in oil-rich southern nigeria said tuesday that it blew up a pipeline belonging to royal dutch shell in rivers state overnight .
new zealand share prices fell #.## percent tuesday , their largest decline in six years , as the lehman brothers collapse hit the market with `` the equivalent of a nuclear explosion '' , dealers said .
south korean shares closed #.# percent lower tuesday after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers sent global stock markets into shock .
at least two people were killed on tuesday when hamas-run security forces clashed with a powerful local family in gaza city , according to palestinian security officials .
oil prices dropped more than three dollars in asian trade on tuesday after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers accentuated fears for global economic health , analysts said .
a malaysian minister said tuesday he would consider joining the opposition , after quitting the embattled government which he portrayed as paralysed by internal strife and racial divisions .
russian prosecutors on tuesday said they would conduct a flight safety inquiry on national carrier aeroflot following a crash that killed ## people , the prosecutor general 's office said .
bangladesh will allow a ship with allegedly hazardous substances to be dismantled on its shores , an official said tuesday , a month after it was blacklisted .
russian prosecutors on tuesday said they would conduct a flight safety inquiry on national carrier aeroflot following a crash that killed ## people , the prosecutor general 's office said .
taiwan share prices close down #.## percent tuesday to a ##-month low , after the collapse of the us bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
intel on monday rolled out its first chip with six brains , unveiling a `` multi - core '' microprocessor that boosts computing muscle while cutting back on electricity use .
south korea 's largest home appliance maker lg electronics said tuesday it has released a new television in middle eastern markets which includes the koran installed as a digital text .
a married mother of three from the united states was convicted in an australian court tuesday of having underage sex with a ##-year-old boy she met on the internet .
republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin will not cooperate with a legislative inquiry into her firing of an alaska official , her campaign said monday , labeling the probe `` partisan .
thai share prices fell #.## percent in the morning session , following the collapse of us financial giant lehman brothers , dealers said .
thailand 's supreme court on tuesday issued another arrest warrant for ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra for his approval of a controversial loan to military-ruled myanmar .
thailand 's supreme court on tuesday issued another arrest warrant for ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra for his approval of a controversial loan to military-ruled myanmar .
north korea on tuesday renewed criticism of last month 's joint us-south korean military exercise and vowed to strengthen its `` war deterrent '' in the face of what it called invasion threats .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent lower on tuesday after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
hong kong share prices were down #.# percent at the lunch break on tuesday after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
indian shares fell #.## percent within minutes of opening tuesday after the bankruptcy of us investment bank lehman brothers and fears of more bad news from the global financial system , dealers said .
thailand 's acting prime minister said tuesday he was confident of quelling a party revolt over his family links with deposed premier thaksin shinawatra to be able to claim the job permanently .
metro pacific investments corp. said tuesday it is in talks to acquire a government-owned hospital as part of plans to operate a chain of medical facilities across the philippines .
for ##-year-old retiree xu lili , the steep plunge in china 's stock market has hit where it hurts the most , jeopardising her daughter 's financial future .
sunni families chased from their baghdad homes by shiite militias in #### are beginning to return , some welcomed by their shiite neighbors and others facing hostility and threats .
us insurance giant american international group failed monday to convince credit agencies of its solvency , forcing it into a race against the clock to find a multi-billion-dollar infusion in order to stay afloat .
chinese share prices tumbled #.## percent by midday tuesday as the global fallout from the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers outweighed beijing 's sudden interest rate cut , dealers said .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi on tuesday rejected the opposition 's claim that it has enough support to seize power as `` mere dreams , '' saying he was under no pressure to resign .
rescuers on tuesday continued search operations after typhoon sinlaku pounded taiwan over the weekend , leaving at least five people dead and ## missing , officials said .
indonesian shares plunged #.# percent in early trading tuesday , dragged down by panic selling of commodity stocks amid us-led international market turmoil , dealers said .
oil prices dropped more than three dollars in asian trade on tuesday after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers accentuated fears for global economic health , analysts said .
an australian politician has used his first speech to parliament to call for unemployed <unk> to be stung with a cattle prod to get them to work .
standard &amp; poors on monday lowered its debt rating for the major west coast bank washington mutual , a week after moody 's downgraded its debt to non - investment or `` junk '' status .
a #.#-magnitude earthquake struck off the eastern indonesian province of maluku on tuesday but there was no threat of a tsunami and no immediate reports of damage , seismologists said .
indonesian shares plunged #.# percent in early trading tuesday , dragged down by panic selling of commodity stocks amid us-led international market turmoil , dealers said .
the number of people out of work in the philippines for the quarter to july eased slightly to #.# percent , the government said tuesday .
south american presidents holding a crisis summit here over unrest in bolivia issued a strong statement late monday giving bolivian president evo morales their support .
the dollar fell against the yen in asia on tuesday as market players shunned risks after the lehman brothers ' bankruptcy sparked worries over the entire global financial system , analysts said .
philippine lender banco de oro said tuesday it was setting aside provisions totalling ##.# million dollars over its exposure to collapsed us investment bank lehman brothers .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi on tuesday rejected the opposition 's claim it has enough support to seize power , and said he was not under pressure to resign .
oscar-winning singer and actress barbra streisand will perform at a glittering and lucrative hollywood fundraiser for democrat barack obama tuesday , aides said .
chinese share prices tumbled in early tuesday trade with the global fallout from the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers outweighing a domestic interest rate cut , dealers said .
south american presidents holding a crisis summit here over unrest in bolivia issued a strong statement late monday giving bolivian president evo morales their support .
three major credit agencies lowered their ratings monday for american international group , dashing hopes to save one of the one world 's biggest insurance companies amid a burgeoning financial crisis .
australian share prices slumped #.# percent by midday tuesday as investors reacted to the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers .
hong kong share prices plunged #.# percent in early trade on tuesday following the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi on tuesday rejected the opposition 's claim it has enough support to seize power , and said he was not under pressure to resign .
a witness who says he was robbed by o.j. simpson testified on monday that a gun was brandished during the incident as the former football star 's robbery and kidnapping trial opened .
separatist tamil tiger rebels on tuesday said they beat back a stiff army offensive into their northern stronghold , killing ## soldiers and wounding ## .
separatist tamil tiger rebels on tuesday said they beat back a stiff army offensive into their northern stronghold , killing ## soldiers and wounding ## .
former us secretaries of state on monday urged the next us president to work closely with key allies , engage with iran , and avoid ruptures with awkward partners russia and china .
the high prices of food worldwide are not likely to fall any time soon , and there are no quick solutions to the problem , the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- warned tuesday .
asian growth will slow further this year and next as the turbulence on global markets fans inflation , the asian development bank warned tuesday .
philippine share prices plunged #.# percent at the opening bell on tuesday in line with other markets after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
india hosts its first ever haute couture week from tuesday , showcasing ## leading designers in a celebration of the country 's rich heritage in bespoke fashion .
protests against india 's rule in the spectacularly beautiful kashmir valley have brought an abrupt halt to tourism , which had been showing signs of a hard-won recovery , officials say .
when john mccain 's adopted bangladeshi daughter was introduced at the republican national convention , sister <unk> barely recognized the girl she cared for when she was born .
oil prices dropped more than two dollars in early asian trade on tuesday after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers accentuated fears for global economic health , analysts said .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
chinese share prices fell #.## percent in early tuesday trade with the global fallout from the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers outweighing a domestic interest rate cut , dealers said .
chinese share prices fell #.## percent in early tuesday trade with the global fallout from the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers outweighing a domestic interest rate cut , dealers said .
south korean financial officials called for calm tuesday as the stock market and local currency fell sharply in the wake of global financial turbulence sparked by the collapse of lehman brothers .
us actress meryl streep will receive a lifetime achievement award at the san sebastian film festival which gets underway thursday in northeastern spain with ## movies in competition for the best movie award .
australia 's liberal party , which held power for nearly ## years before being ousted last year , dumped leader brendan nelson tuesday in favor of millionaire challenger malcolm turnbull .
the most prominent armed group in oil-rich southern nigeria said tuesday it will release two south african hostages it rescued from pirates `` at the earliest convenience '' .
a #.#-magnitude earthquake struck off the eastern indonesian province of maluku on tuesday but there was no threat of a tsunami and no immediate reports of damage , seismologists said .
more than ##,### anti-globalisation activists are due in the swedish town of malmoe this week to take part in the european social forum , hoping to breathe new life into a movement many say is rapidly losing speed .
taiwan shares were down #.## percent in early trade tuesday amid the fallout from the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
general raymond odierno will take charge of us-led forces in iraq on tuesday from david petraeus , the commander credited with pulling the violence-wracked country back from all-out civil war .
us technology giant hewlett-packard -lrb- hp -rrb- said monday it will cut ##,### jobs worldwide over the next three years as part of its integration with computer services firm electronic data systems .
british artist damien hirst entered the record books monday after an unprecedented auction of his works raised ##.# million pounds -lrb- ## million euros , ### million dollars -rrb- with more than ### lots still to be sold .
ukraine 's governing coalition prepared tuesday for a messy break-up that could knock the country off its pro-western course and leave it leaning more towards moscow .
an old man threatened with being set on fire , a female mayor forced to hide in a forest : the refugees still emerging from georgia 's conflict may make a grim impression on nato 's visiting chief .
japanese share prices were down nearly five percent in mid-morning trade tuesday as the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers sent shockwaves through investors , traders said .
oscar-winning singer and actress barbra streisand will perform at a glittering and lucrative hollywood fundraiser for democrat barack obama tuesday , aides said .
the un general assembly on monday agreed to begin negotiations on expanding the membership of the powerful security council no later than next february ## .
south korean shares were off #.# percent in early trade tuesday following the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , which sent global stock markets into shock .
japanese share prices were down #.# percent in the first half-hour of trade tuesday after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers .
barack obama 's white house campaign angrily denied monday a report that he had secretly urged the iraqis to postpone a deal to withdraw us troops until after november 's election .
australian shares dropped #.# percent in early trade tuesday after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers sent shockwaves through global markets .
mexican artists and poets created an artwork more than one kilometer -lrb- half-mile -rrb- long and spread it along a mexico city avenue to celebrate ### years of the country 's independence monday .
jurors heard opening arguments monday in the trial of former football star and actor oj simpson in a case that could send him to prison for life .
madrid 's prado museum will open its ####-#### season in october with the first rembrandt exhibition ever staged in spain , the museum announced wednesday .
the security council and un chief ban ki-moon on wednesday strongly condemned the `` terrorist '' car bombing that targeted the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa and left ## people dead .
white house hopefuls barack obama and john mccain are in a virtual tie in five battleground states , according to a poll released wednesday .
spanish telecommunications giant telefonica said wednesday it has presented an offer to buy the ##.# percent of the shares it does not already own in telefonica chile -lrb- ctc -rrb- .
four people died , including top us and mexican water officials , in a plane crash on the us-mexico border , the us consulate confirmed here wednesday , after conflicting reports on the aircraft 's disappearance .
a firestorm raged anew in world markets wednesday after a huge us bailout of insurer aig failed to quell anxiety about the health of the global financial system and sparked fresh political controversy .
the chief executive of collapsed investment firm lehman brothers and the current and former ceos of troubled insurance giant aig have been summoned to testify before congress , an influential us lawmaker said on wednesday .
republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin said in a television interview on wednesday that john mccain had been unfairly criticized for his `` verbiage '' on the state of the us economy .
global stock markets hit fresh trouble wednesday after the unprecedented us government bailout of giant insurer aig failed to calm jitters and instead prompted a frenzy for safe haven assets .
us officials are fiercely putting out a series of economic fires with all eyes now focused on the fate of washington mutual after aig became the latest company to be thrown a lifeline .
the us government 's dizzying turns as it struggles to stem a tide of economic woes , may have left many companies wondering exactly what its policy is .
us defense secretary robert gates arrived in london on wednesday ahead of a meeting of nato colleagues set to be overshadowed by georgia 's conflict with russia .
as expected record nine-time european champions real madrid defeated belarus unknowns bate borisov #-# in the champions league group h opener at the santiago bernabeu on wednesday .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni won a kadima party leadership vote on wednesday , putting her on track to succeed scandal-plagued prime minister ehud olmert as head of the government .
a strong earthquake jolted a major port city on the gulf coast of southern iran on wednesday , the official irna news agency reported , the second to strike in a week .
alitalia 's trade unions were warned wednesday they had less than ## hours to accept a deal on a rescue plan for the ailing airline , ansa news agency reported .
the stunning rescue of insurance titan aig reduces the risk of a full-scale global financial meltdown but also pushes washington toward nationalization of the economy , analysts said .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert congratulated foreign minister tzipi livni on her victory in a vote on wednesday to replace him as leader of the governing kadima party .
a strong earthquake jolted a major port city on the gulf in southern iran on wednesday , the official irna news agency reported , the second to strike in a week .
the united states on wednesday mulled further steps against russia for its actions in georgia , on the eve of what is touted as a `` significant '' speech by us secretary of state condoleezza rice .
as expected record nine-time european champions real madrid defeated belarus unknowns bate borisov #-# in the champions league group h opener at the santiago bernabeu on wednesday .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni effectively claimed victory in the governing kadima party 's leadership vote on wednesday .
democrat barack obama scornfully portrayed his white house rival john mccain wednesday as a lifelong member of the very `` old boy network '' that the republican said had driven the us economy into crisis .
us shares went into a new freefall wednesday after the federal reserve 's massive bailout of insurance giant aig failed to calm a financial market storm and investors rushed for safe haven assets .
as expected record nine-time european champions real madrid defeated belarus unknowns bate borisov #-# in the champions league group h opener at the santiago bernabeu on wednesday .
shares in the sao paulo stock market , latin america 's biggest , plunged #.## percent wednesday , following the drop in stock markets worldwide .
crude oil prices surged wednesday after the us government 's lifeline to insurance giant aig failed to reassure skittish traders and prompted a rush into commodities as a haven from the financial market storm .
a leading nigerian private television station was taken off air after it reported that the president was considering resigning on health grounds , authorities said wednesday .
spain 's prime minister and crown prince attended a funeral mass wednesday in the canary islands for the ### victims of last month 's spanair jet crash , spain 's worst air accident in ## years .
greece is planning to privatise olympic airlines and olympic airways under the name pantheon after getting an eu green light , greek transport minister costas hatzidakis said wednesday .
us president george w. bush promised visiting panamanian president martin torrijos wednesday that he would push the reluctant us congress to ratify a free trade pact between the two countries .
us president george w. bush kept silent wednesday on battered global markets , as the white house defended huge bailouts of sinking us firms while describing the us economy in ever more sober terms .
us shares plunged wednesday after the federal reserve 's massive bailout of insurance giant aig failed to calm a financial market storm and investors rushed for safe haven assets .
palestinians expressed hope wednesday that the next israeli prime minister will continue peace talks after israel 's kadima party voted to replace embattled premier ehud olmert .
mexican authorities on wednesday focused on possible drug gang involvement in deadly attacks on independence day celebrations that sparked fears that civilians were now targets in the country 's drug wars .
democrat barack obama launched a scathing attack on his white house rival john mccain wednesday for being part of the very `` old boy network '' that the republican said had driven the us economy into crisis .
kenyan police have intensified the search for an al-qaeda suspect wanted in connection with the #### bombings of us embassies in kenya and tanzania who dodged a police dragnet last month , officials said wednesday .
the us current account deficit widened to ###.# billion dollars in the second quarter of #### , from a downwardly revised ###.# billion dollars in the first quarter , the commerce department said wednesday .
the us current account deficit widened to ###.# billion dollars in the second quarter of #### , from a downwardly revised ###.# billion dollars in the first quarter , the commerce department said wednesday .
algeria and sudan may ask the un security council to delay war crimes proceedings against sudanese president omar al-beshir , algeria 's foreign minister said wednesday in a radio interview .
tesla motors inc. will build a ### million dollar plant in california 's silicon valley to produce its new battery-powered sedan , the company said wednesday .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice will give `` a significant speech '' on thursday about the consequences for russia over its invasion of georgia , a senior us official said .
canada 's green party leader elizabeth may apologized on wednesday for never having smoked marijuana , as she unveiled her election plank , which touts legalizing and taxing pot .
the us government 's dizzying turns as it struggles to stem a tide of economic woes , may have left many companies wondered exactly what the policy is .
britain 's third biggest party would slash income tax for nine out of ## families to help dig the country out of its current economic `` mess '' , liberal democrat leader nick clegg vowed wednesday .
anger and despair raged wednesday at fiumicino airport on the outskirts of rome as the potential takeover of alitalia airline means jobs are under threat leading to a strike by employees .
us officials are fiercely putting out a series of economic fires with all eyes now focused on the fate of washington mutual after aig became the latest company to be thrown a lifeline .
russia could include cuba and venezuela into a satellite navigation system originally designed for missile targeting by the soviet military , the head of russia 's space agency said wednesday .
a cholera outbreak in northern tanzania has killed nine more people , bringing the toll to ## over the past two weeks , a health official told afp on wednesday .
zimbabwe 's three main political rivals will meet thursday to discuss the make-up of a new cabinet after signing a power-sharing deal earlier this week , zanu-pf 's chief negotiator said .
russia suspended trading on its two main stock markets for a second day wednesday as shares nosedived and officials pledged ## billion dollars to fight collapsing investor confidence .
the german parliament voted wednesday to extend the mandate of its troops in the naval component of the united nations interim force in lebanon for ## months .
israel 's governing kadima party was voting for a new leader on wednesday , with foreign minister tzipi livni favored by opinion polls to replace scandal - plagued prime minister ehud olmert .
a ##-year-old polish man suspected of killing two people has been arrested in malta and will be repatriated to poland , police and justice officials said wednesday .
the global financial firestorm tore through markets wednesday , sending us and european shares plunging following a huge us bailout of insurer aig and news that british bank hbos could be taken over .
voting booths will remain open an extra half-hour in a kadima party election to choose a replacement for israeli prime minister ehud olmert , israeli television said on wednesday .
republican presidential candidate john mccain said wednesday he rejected the view that the united states was in decline as the country faces economic turmoil .
finance chiefs of oil-rich gulf states on wednesday approved proposals to set up a monetary council and a draft charter for a monetary union , the arab bloc 's secretary general said .
a woman run over by three full subway cars after falling on tracks at toronto 's busiest metro hub wednesday miraculously escaped unscathed , transit officials said .
the us treasury wednesday announced it would sell ## billion dollars in ##-day bonds to help the federal reserve as it battles to shore up the struggling economy .
mexico 's foreign ministry denied that four people had died in a plane crash on the northern border with the united states , as claimed by a local governor , and said the search continued for the missing plane wednesday .
un chief ban ki-moon has appointed nicolas michel of switzerland as his special adviser and mediator in the border dispute between equatorial guinea and gabon , his press office said wednesday .
islamist militants attacked the us embassy in the yemeni capital with two car bombs and rockets on wednesday , leaving ## people dead , as washington blamed al - qaeda for the strike .
polish prime minister donald tusk insisted wednesday that warsaw would complete its preparations for adopting the euro by #### , saying the timetable was realistic .
hundreds of london black taxi cabs are being called in for checks because they keep bursting into flames , authorities said wednesday .
local lawmakers in the mainly russian-speaking crimean peninsula in southern ukraine on wednesday called for kiev to recognize two moscow-backed georgian separatist provinces .
us stock market regulators announced new rules tuesday aimed at curbing speculative `` naked short '' sales that aim to profit from falling share prices .
an american soldier died in iraq on wednesday of non-combat related injuries , the us military announced .
the united states wednesday accused the al-qaeda terror network of being behind the deadly attack on the us embassy in yemen , as it led condemnation of the strike that left ## dead .
darfur rebels on wednesday accused the sudanese government of launching heavy attacks in north darfur , the latest in a series of violence in sudan 's war-torn western region .
president evo morales and bolivia 's opposition governors were set wednesday to start negotiating an end to a violent political crisis that has left at least ## people dead .
bosnian serb wartime leader radovan karadzic appeared defiantly before a un war crimes judge wednesday , claiming a top us envoy had promised him immunity on behalf of the un security council .
oil prices rose wednesday but trimmed earlier gains as traders focussed on weak us crude inventories and a fresh outbreak of violence in key producer nigeria .
john lennon 's wife yoko ono said wednesday the world 's small countries should be given a chance , as she launched a retrospective exhibition of her art work in the polish capital .
thirty people , including four policemen , were wounded wednesday in a grenade explosion triggered by suspected muslim militants in indian kashmir 's main city of srinagar , police said .
darfur rebels on wednesday accused the sudanese government of launching heavy attacks in north darfur , the latest in a series of violence in sudan 's war-torn western region .
nato defense ministers are set to meet thursday in london for talks overshadowed by georgia 's conflict with russia and the effects it will have on the military alliance 's future .
un chief ban ki-moon on wednesday strongly condemned as `` totally unacceptable '' the `` terrorist '' car bombing that targeted the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa and left ## people dead .
islamist militants attacked the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa with two car bombs and rockets on wednesday , leaving ## people dead , in the second strike on the high-security compound in six months .
the trial of one of the youngest detainees at the us war on terror prison camp in guantanamo , cuba , canadian national omar khadr , has been pushed back to november ## -- after elections in canada and the united states .
us president george w. bush said wednesday that a deadly attack on the us embassy in yemen 's capital sanaa was an attempt by extremists to drive the united states out of regions like the middle east .
russia suspended trading on its two main stock markets for the second day wednesday as shares nosedived and officials pledged ## billion dollars to fight collapsing investor confidence .
shares in belgian-dutch bank fortis fell ##.## percent at the close of trading wednesday as the overall aex index lost #.## percent .
republican white house hopeful john mccain and his democratic rival barack obama warred wednesday over who would best repair the ailing us economy after the government 's huge aig bailout .
one of europe 's biggest jewish schools officially opens its doors in vienna wednesday , as the number of parents who want their children to receive a jewish education grows in austria .
gold prices advanced wednesday as the precious metal continued to garner support from ongoing turmoil on world financial markets , traders said .
european stock markets closed sharply lower on wednesday , giving up early gains made on the us government bailout of giant insurer aig as investors feared the credit crunch will claim yet more victims .
the us government is releasing ### million dollars in aid meant to help eligible low-income households heat their homes this winter , white house spokeswoman dana perino announced wednesday .
a global financial crisis lurched ahead wednesday as a huge us bailout of insurer aig and news that british bank hbos could be taken over left investors unsettled and stock markets under siege .
france telecom on wednesday launched a mobile phone service under its orange brand in kenya in a drive to expand its presence in africa 's burgeoning communication sector .
the european commission on wednesday promised to help lithuania reduce its dependence on russian energy supplies while not allowing it to keep its soviet - era nuclear plant .
shares in swiss banking giant ubs extended losses wednesday , giving up earlier gains on a day of volatile trade as the overall market sank after wall street opened in the red .
european stock markets closed sharply lower on wednesday , giving up early gains made on the us government bailout of giant insurer aig as investors feared the credit crunch will claim yet more victims .
the us current account deficit widened to ###.# billion dollars in the second quarter of #### , from a downwardly revised ###.# billion dollars in the first quarter , the commerce department said wednesday .
alitalia 's trade unions were warned wednesday that they had less than ## hours to accept a deal on a rescue plan for the ailing airline , ansa news agency reported .
gold prices advanced wednesday as the precious metal continued to garner support from ongoing turmoil on world financial markets , traders said .
the democratic party on wednesday opened a new line of attack against republican white house hopeful john mccain , asking why he has not faced a press conference in more than a month .
the stunning rescue of insurance titan aig puts the us government on the front lines of the battle in the global financial crisis , in a move some say pushes washington toward nationalization of the economy , analysts said .
the turkish government will ask parliament to extend by one year its mandate to order military strikes against separatist kurdish rebels based in northern iraq , the deputy prime minister said wednesday .
canada 's conservative prime minister stephen harper on wednesday promised during an election campaign to ban flavored cigarettes he claimed are marketed to children in flashy packages .
a preliminary report into last month 's spanair plane crash in madrid which killed ### people contains `` <unk> , '' a senior airline official has said .
alitalia 's nine unions went into a meeting wednesday with potential buyers of the flagging italian airline in a bid to reach a deal on a rescue plan for the company , according to ansa news agency .
a forced landing in montreal overnight briefly grounded canada 's liberals during an election campaign , while wednesday polling showed their rival ruling conservatives soaring in public opinion .
rights groups on wednesday urged croatian authorities to launch a new probe into a #### wartime operation in which more than ## serb civilians were killed .
russia on wednesday condemned as `` unacceptable '' any attempts at outside interference in the unrest in bolivia and said the country 's territorial integrity should be protected .
the bank of england said wednesday it has extended a facility that allows high street banks to swap mortgage-backed securities for government bonds to boost liquidity amid ongoing market chaos .
international aid workers on wednesday evacuated sri lanka 's north , where government forces are pursuing a major offensive against tamil tiger rebels , officials said .
finance chiefs of oil-rich gulf states on wednesday approved proposals to set up a monetary council and a draft charter for a monetary union , the arab bloc 's secretary general said .
turkish shares slipped #.## percent on wednesday , in a third day of losses over fears that troubled wall street banks could spark a global financial market meltdown .
bolivia 's socialist government and its <unk> political foes were set wednesday to start negotiating an end a violent political crisis that has left at least ## people dead .
a regional tribunal on wednesday dismissed the land claims of ### black zimbabwean farmers who argued they can not move onto seized white-owned farms as the owners were still present .
an irish author has been commissioned to write a new instalment of `` the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy '' , the cult science fiction comedy which became a worldwide hit , publishers said wednesday .
russian president dmitry medvedev on wednesday signed broad cooperation pacts with two rebel regions of georgia , prompting charges of `` annexation '' by tbilisi and fierce condemnation from washington .
serbia 's war crimes prosecution on wednesday described as a `` disgrace '' the three-year sentence a un court handed to former bosnian muslim general rasim delic earlier this week , beta news agency said .
nigeria 's opposition and media groups wednesday condemned the closure of one of the country 's independent television stations which ran a story that president umaru yar ` adua was planning to step down .
bosnian serb wartime leader radovan karadzic appeared defiantly before a un war crimes judge wednesday , claiming a top us envoy had promised him immunity on behalf of the un security council .
a polish court ruled wednesday that three teenaged georgian judo competitors charged with sexually assaulting a woman will remain in police custody for three months pending trial .
the turkish government will ask parliament to extend by one year its mandate to order military strikes against separatist kurdish rebels based in northern iraq , the deputy prime minister said wednesday .
members of israel 's governing kadima party were voting for a new leader on wednesday , with foreign minister tzipi livni favored by opinion polls to replace scandal-plagued prime minister ehud olmert .
french oil major total on wednesday acquired majority rights in a joint venture with houston-based madagascar oil to explore oil in the indian ocean island .
a spanish court on wednesday sentenced ## people belonging to an eta prisoners ' support group to jail terms of between eight and ## years for membership in a terrorist organization and ordered that the group be dissolved .
us housing starts slid #.# percent in august to a fresh ##-year low , government data showed wednesday in a sign that the punishing correction in the real estate market is not over .
china said wednesday more than #,### babies had fallen ill and three died after drinking milk powder contaminated with a toxic chemical , as it vowed massive efforts to contain a widening food scandal .
embattled british prime minister gordon brown suffered a new poll blow thursday as a survey suggested the main opposition conservatives are at their most popular since the era of margaret thatcher .
ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko on wednesday refused to resign as a political crisis provoked by the georgian conflict deepened following the collapse of the pro-western ruling coalition .
zimbabwe on wednesday launched a fierce attack against france at the un human rights council , saying its actions in rwanda and corsica should stop it criticising any other state 's rights record .
in a presidential-style address to the nation , democrat barack obama vowed wednesday to unite left and right in a common mission to rescue the stricken us economy .
kosovo 's prime minister hashim thaci appealed wednesday for un members to support his independence recognition push , which he admitted was encountering `` difficulties .
the us military said wednesday three us soldiers have been charged with premeditated murder committed in an unspecified incident in or near baghdad in march or april #### .
the world health organisation said wednesday that a polio vaccination campaign in southern afghanistan would go ahead despite the killing of two doctors in a suicide attack claimed by the taliban .
the united states on wednesday called on russia to respect georgia 's territorial integrity and urged moscow to pull its forces back to where they were before the conflict flared up in early august .
fifa boss sepp blatter on wednesday urged south africa to market itself more enthusiastically as the host of next year 's confederations cup and the #### world cup .
the united states on wednesday called on russia to respect georgia 's territorial integrity and urged moscow to pull its forces back to where they were before the conflict flared up in early august .
a german court jailed three men wednesday for siphoning off millions of euros from a turkish charity but found no evidence of a link to turkey 's ruling akp party , a court spokesman said .
india 's tata steel on wednesday denied any wrongdoing after the liberian government barred it from bidding for a #.#-billion dollar iron ore project .
shares of top indian pharmaceutical company ranbaxy slid wednesday after the us regulator blocked imports of more than ## of its drugs , saying they failed to meet manufacturing standards .
the european parliament on wednesday launched a new web-based tv channel , hoping to bolster its image and reach a wider , younger audience .
european markets were fighting back wednesday in hugely volatile trade , picking up from asia as investors digested the unprecedented bailout of us insurance giant aig and the likely rescue of britain 's hbos bank .
islamist militants attacked the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa with a car bomb and rockets on wednesday , leaving ## people dead , in the second strike on the high-security compound in six months .
finance chiefs of oil-rich gulf states on wednesday approved proposals to set up a monetary council and a charter for a monetary union , the arab bloc 's secretary general said .
a man in spain swindled nearly half a million euros -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- from dozens of banks to fund an anti-globalisation magazine distributed for free on wednesday in barcelona , a newspaper reported .
swaziland unions and banned political parties plan to blockade border posts on thursday in protest of parliamentary polls the following day in africa 's last absolute monarchy .
the white house on wednesday denounced an islamist militant attack on the us embassy in yemen 's capital sanaa and offered condolences to the relatives of yemenis killed in the strike .
spanish-argentine oil and energy company repsol ypf said wednesday it plans to invest one billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- to expand its petrochemical complex at sines on portugal 's atlantic coast .
an irish author has been commissioned to write a new instalment of `` the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy '' , the cult science fiction comedy which became a worldwide hit , publishers said wednesday .
hundreds of worried policyholders on wednesday thronged asian offices of troubled global insurance giant american international group -lrb- aig -rrb- , some hoping to terminate their agreements .
sudan on wednesday denounced an independent un human rights official as an `` agent of the european union '' after she criticised khartoum 's human rights record in the conflict-riven region of darfur .
the white house on wednesday denounced an attack on the us embassy in yemen 's capital sanaa and offered condolences to the relatives of yemenis killed in the strike .
a coalition of nigerian human rights groups has mobilized ## lawyers to defend the country 's most married man , currently detained for unlawful marriages and inciting contempt of islamic religious laws , an activist said wednesday .
the global financial firestorm claimed a fresh victim wednesday as top british mortgage lender hbos said it was in takeover talks after a huge us bailout of insurer aig helped underpin volatile share prices .
the legendary `` blue mauritius '' , one of the rarest and most valuable postage stamps in the world , arrived in the austrian capital wednesday where it is to go on display , organisers said .
a french retailer said wednesday it has withdrawn a range of chinese-made armchairs and sofas from sale after hundreds of buyers complained of developing a painful eczema rash .
us defense secretary robert gates wednesday announced a joint probe with afghanistan into civilian deaths in an air strike , and suggested more troops may be sent next year to help fight taliban rebels .
oil prices rebounded by more than two dollars , on wednesday recovering some recent heavy losses , as the market firmed on the rescue of us insurer aig and fresh violence in crude producer nigeria .
armed militants waging `` war '' in nigeria 's southern oil-producing hub on wednesday denied a military claim that two south african workers taken hostage last week had been freed .
russian president dmitry medvedev on wednesday signed agreements formalising military and economic ties with two rebel regions in georgia despite anger from tbilisi and its western allies .
a fifth round of <unk> peace talks between syria and israel this week has been postponed at israel 's request , syrian foreign minister walid muallem said on wednesday .
islamist militants attacked the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa with a car bomb and rockets on wednesday , leaving ## people dead , in the second strike on the high-security compound in six months .
the global financial firestorm claimed a fresh victim wednesday as top british mortgage lender hbos was reported to be in takeover talks after a huge us bailout of insurer aig helped underpin volatile share prices .
the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa on wednesday condemned what it described as a `` heinous '' attack at the compound and vowed to work with the yemen authorities to bring the <unk> to justice .
a shadowy islamist group calling itself islamic jihad in yemen claimed responsibility for a attack on the us embassy on wednesday that left ## people dead , including six assailants .
china said wednesday more than #,### babies had fallen ill and three died after drinking milk powder contaminated with a toxic chemical , as it vowed massive efforts to contain a widening food scandal .
serbia vowed wednesday to press on and implement a european union trade deal despite anger at a dutch veto that came even though belgrade arrested top war crimes suspect radovan karadzic .
a major shareholder in swiss chemical firm ciba , spanish investment fund <unk> , said on wednesday it rejected a #.#-billion-euro -lrb- #.#-billion-dollar -rrb- offer for the company from germany basf for being too low .
the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa on wednesday condemned a deadly attack at the compound and vowed to work with the yemen authorities to bring the <unk> to justice .
trading halted on russia 's main stock markets when dealing was suspended for a second day on wednesday as shares dived and officials pledged ## billion dollars to fight collapsing investor confidence .
international aid workers on wednesday evacuated sri lanka 's north , where government forces are pursuing a major offensive against tamil tiger rebels , officials said .
ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko on wednesday said she would not resign as required following the collapse of the country 's ruling pro-western coalition .
indian shares closed #.## percent down on wednesday with investors still jittery about fallout from the collapse of wall street giant lehman brothers , dealers said .
malaysia 's opposition on wednesday sought international help to push for the release of a politician and others held without trial under the country 's tough internal security law .
islamist militants attacked the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa with a car bomb and rockets on wednesday , leaving ## people dead , in the second strike on the high-security compound in six months .
eu regulators gave the green light wednesday to greek plans to privatise olympic airlines and olympic airways , but said ### million euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- of illegal state aid must be returned .
the european union on wednesday named german diplomat hansjoerg haber to head its observer mission in georgia , a statement said .
a key barometer of tension on european interest rate markets , the libor rate , fell on wednesday but another measure of lending between banks , the euribor rate , was at the highest level this year .
aig has deep roots in asia , and the troubled insurance giant is now trying to reassure millions of policyholders and tens of thousands of employees in the region that it will survive .
russia will unify its energy , transport and telecommunications networks with the georgian rebel provinces of abkhazia and south ossetia , according to diplomatic pacts signed on wednesday .
us military chief admiral michael mullen wednesday reiterated washington respects pakistan 's sovereignty after a row sparked by recent cross-border raids by us forces based in afghanistan .
russian troops will patrol the borders of abkhazia and south ossetia with the rest of georgia jointly with separatist troops , according to agreements signed on wednesday in the kremlin .
the european economy will suffer collateral damage from the crisis roiling the financial sector , although the extent of the fallout remains to be seen , ministers and analysts warned on wednesday .
a fifth round of <unk> talks between syria and israel that had been due to be held on thursday has been postponed at israel 's request , syrian foreign minister walid muallem said .
at least ## people were killed and more than ## wounded in a series of attacks in baghdad on wednesday , one of them a twin car bombing in a business district , security sources said .
the eu commission on wednesday proposed expanding its food program for the most deprived people in the bloc by boosting the budget by two-thirds and increasing the range of products provided .
russian president dmitry medvedev on wednesday signed agreements with abkhazia and south ossetia , setting the diplomatic framework for russia 's relations with the two georgian rebel regions .
armed nigerian militants who have declared an `` oil war '' in the restive south of the country claimed wednesday to have blown up a major pipeline in their latest attack on oil installations in the region .
islamist militants attacked the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa with a car bomb and rockets on wednesday , leaving ## people dead , in the second strike on the high-security compound in six months .
the new daughter-in-law of french president nicolas sarkozy is suing two magazines for publishing `` stolen '' photos of her wedding to the president 's son jean last week , her lawyer said wednesday .
the red cross said it will start wednesday to distribute emergency food supplies across zimbabwe to reach around ##,### vulnerable people in the poverty-stricken country .
us military and afghan authorities will jointly investigate a un-backed afghan claim of high civilian casualties in a recent coalition air strike , us defense secretary robert gates said wednesday .
indian shares closed #.## percent down on wednesday with investors still jittery about the fallout from the collapse of wall street giant lehman brothers , dealers said .
muslim rebels attacked an army patrol in the restive southern philippines , leaving seven soldiers and one militant dead , military officials said wednesday .
cambodian prime minister hun sen said wednesday he would arrange a royal pardon for prince norodom ranariddh , allowing him to end his self-imposed exile after being convicted of fraud .
eu regulators gave the greenlight wednesday to greek plans to privatise olympic airlines and olympic airways , but said ### million euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- of state aid to its cash-strapped national carrier broke european rules .
indonesian shares rose two percent wednesday on a continued rebound driven by a firmer rupiah and overnight gains in us stocks , dealers said .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on wednesday amid mounting fears of a domino effect on the global financial sector after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
a small party in malaysia 's ruling coalition quit on wednesday , in a fresh blow for the beleaguered government which is also facing an opposition bid to seize power .
the dollar fell against the euro on wednesday as the foreign exchange market absorbed a move by the us federal reserve to rescue insurance giant aig , dealers said .
a brother-in-law of ousted premier thaksin shinawatra was elected thai prime minister by parliament wednesday but faced immediate opposition from protesters who vowed to force him from office .
a major shareholder in swiss chemical firm ciba , spanish investment fund <unk> , said wednesday it rejected a #.#-billion-euro -lrb- #.#-billion-dollar -rrb- offer for the company from germany basf for being too low .
herewith the most serious attacks on us diplomatic interests around the world over the past decade , not including iraq .
us media gave massive coverage wednesday to the government 's ##th-hour rescue of american international group , with some arguing that a bailout of the insurance giant opens a `` pandora 's box '' of future interventions .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent lower wednesday amid concerns over the health of us financial institutions and political turmoil in the country , dealers said .
malaysia 's premier , who is facing an opposition bid to seize power , was hit wednesday with the departure of a party in his coalition , and said he may step down earlier than planned .
spain 's second-biggest electricity utility , iberdrola , said wednesday it had completed its purchase of us power group energy east after it accepted the conditions set by new york state regulators .
islamist militants attacked the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa with a car bomb and rockets on wednesday , leaving ## people dead , in the second strike on the high-security compound in six months .
members of israel 's governing kadima party were voting for a new leader on wednesday , with foreign minister tzipi livni favored by opinion polls to replace scandal-plagued prime minister ehud olmert .
the local representative of the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- in the philippines on wednesday endorsed a bill for population control that has been harshly opposed by the dominant catholic church .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on wednesday amid mounting fears of a domino effect on the global financial sector after the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers , dealers said .
a fifth round of <unk> talks between syria and israel that had been due to be held on thursday has been postponed at israel 's request , syrian foreign minister walid muallem said .
at least ## people were killed and more than ## wounded in a series of attacks in baghdad on wednesday , one of them a twin car bombing in a business district , security sources said .
global bank hsbc said wednesday it will merge its two private banking units in switzerland under one brand name in #### .
algeria and sudan may ask the un security council to delay war crimes proceedings against sudanese president omar al-beshir , algeria 's foreign minister said wednesday in a radio interview .
us defense secretary robert gates expressed regret wednesday over the deaths of afghan civilians in coalition air strikes , while suggesting more us troops would be sent to the country next year .
google inc. on wednesday launched google news in the philippines , the first country in southeast asia to get a local edition of the service , the company said .
bulgarian border police arrested on wednesday a total of ## clandestine iraqi and turkish immigrants on its southeastern border with turkey , the interior ministry said in a statement .
armed militants in nigeria 's restive southern niger delta said they blew up a major oil pipeline on wednesday morning , in their fourth attack on oil installations in the last two days .
islamist militants attacked the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa with a car bomb and rockets on wednesday , causing `` multiple casualties , '' an embassy spokesman said .
indonesian shares rose two percent wednesday on a continued rebound driven by a firmer rupiah and overnight gains in us stocks , dealers said .
the coast guard in bangladesh said wednesday it was too early to determine whether any fishermen were missing following rough seas in the bay of bengal in the past ## hours .
cambodia and thailand swapped accusations of violating each other 's territory wednesday in a simmering spat about disputed land near ancient temples along their border .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent lower wednesday amid concerns over the health of us financial institutions and political turmoil in the country , dealers said .
officials from bangladesh 's food and commerce ministries will hold a meeting this weekend to determine whether tainted milk powder has entered the south asian nation , a minister said wednesday .
in a move aimed at averting a new global economic shock , the us federal reserve agreed an unprecedented ##-billion-dollar rescue loan for american international group .
russia was expected wednesday to sign agreements formalising diplomatic and military relations with two rebel regions in georgia despite anger from tbilisi and its western allies .
a group calling itself islamic jihad in yemen said it carried out a bomb and rocket attack on the us embassy in sanaa on wednesday .
swiss insurer zurich financial services said on wednesday its exposure to collapsed us investment bank lehman brothers amounted to ### million dollars -lrb- ###.# million euros -rrb- .
zimbabwe 's central bank wednesday issued a new #,### dollar note in a bid to ease widespread cash shortages as the country battles the world 's highest inflation rate .
the maldives will hold its first multi-party presidential elections on october # , officials in the indian ocean archipelago nation said .
the indian rupee rose from two-year lows against the greenback wednesday after the central bank moved to increase the supply of dollars in the local market and tame foreign exchange volatility .
serbia 's deputy prime minister for european union integration , bozidar djelic , was `` infuriated '' by the netherlands ' refusal to unfreeze an eu trade and aid pact , he said in an interview published wednesday .
a small party in malaysia 's ruling coalition announced wednesday it was quitting and would become independent , in a fresh blow for the beleaguered government .
danish-swedish dairy group arla foods said wednesday several milk powder products made by a chinese partner would be recalled after they were found to be contaminated with the chemical melamine .
german chancellor angela merkel called wednesday for tighter regulatory control on the international financial system following the recent turmoil on wall street .
europe 's largest clothing retailer , spain 's inditex which owns the zara chain of shops , posted wednesday a first-half net profit of ### million euros -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- , a #.# increase over the same period last year .
russia 's two leading stock markets suspended trading on wednesday as stocks continued to fall sharply amid global market turmoil .
chinese shares closed #.# percent lower wednesday , led by banks amid unabated concerns over the impact of us financial turmoil on the chinese economy , dealers said .
bank of england policymakers voted #-# in favor of leaving british interest rates at #.## percent in september , minutes of their latest meeting revealed wednesday .
the ## nations sharing the euro saw their trade balance slide deeper into deficit in july as imports grew faster than exports , according to official eu data on wednesday .
a small party in malaysia 's ruling coalition announced wednesday it was quitting and would become independent , in a fresh blow for the beleaguered government .
the un food agency on wednesday said the humanitarian situation in the southern philippines remained grim , with tens of thousands of refugees needing emergency aid .
an attack on the us embassy in the yemeni capital sanaa on wednesday caused `` multiple casualties , '' a spokesman for the embassy told cnn .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent wednesday , dragging the hang seng index to a near two-year low as investors dumped stocks on fears over the us financial crisis , dealers said .
danish-swedish dairy group arla foods said wednesday several milk powder products made by a chinese partner would be recalled after they were found to be contaminated with the chemical melamine .
aig has deep roots in asia , and the troubled insurance giant is now trying to reassure millions of policyholders and tens of thousands of employees in the region that it will survive .
shares in belgian-dutch bank fortis switched into a loss of #.## percent from an initial rally of #.## percent , in morning trading on wednesday , and the overall aex index was down #.## percent .
anxious parents rushed their babies in for medical checkups around china on wednesday , worried and confused over what to feed their babies amid a growing scandal over tainted milk powder .
international aid workers were wednesday close to completing an evacuation from sri lanka 's north , where government forces are on a major offensive against tamil tiger rebels , officials said .
china merchants bank said wednesday it holds ## million dollars in bonds issued by collapsed us investment bank lehman brothers .
china said wednesday more than #,### babies had fallen ill and three died after drinking milk powder laced with a toxic chemical , as it vowed massive efforts to contain a widening food scandal .
frankfurt 's dax ## was slightly higher on wednesday morning , after the us federal reserve agreed to a rescue loan to prevent us insurance giant aig following lehman brothers into bankruptcy .
thirteen civilians and two policemen were wounded wednesday in a grenade explosion triggered by suspected muslim militants in indian kashmir 's main city of srinagar , police said .
iranians are likely to endure further power cuts this winter despite their country 's huge oil and gas reserves , energy minister parviz fattah warned in comments published on wednesday .
us defense secretary robert gates expressed personal regret wednesday over the deaths of civilians killed in coalition air strikes in afghanistan and pledged to find better ways to target insurgents .
arcelormittal , the world 's leading steelmaker , on wednesday launched a program to save #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion euros -rrb- over five years and including job cuts .
the us federal reserve pumped ## billion dollars into aig to stop the us insurance giant joining the wall street scrap heap , but stock markets were on edge on persistent fears over financial groups .
hong kong share prices closed below the ##,###-point mark on wednesday as financial and property stocks slid on uncertainties over the impact of the us financial crisis , dealers said .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi , who faces an opposition bid to seize power , said wednesday he might step down before a planned handover to his deputy in mid-#### .
a briton who sparked a bomb alert on an emirates flight from manchester to dubai in july while he was drunk was sentenced to four months in prison in the gulf emirate on wednesday .
fears of a global financial collapse have cast a dark cloud over us president george w. bush 's final months in office , after years in which he claimed the us economy as a major success story .
arcelormittal , the world 's leading steelmaker , announced a cost-cutting program on wednesday to save #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion euros -rrb- over five years , and including unspecified job losses .
french defense minister herve morin on wednesday said years of <unk> in defense by european countries was to blame for a critical shortage of international forces in afghanistan .
a brother-in-law of ousted premier thaksin shinawatra was elected thai prime minister by parliament wednesday but faced immediate opposition from protesters who vowed to force him from office .
russia 's key stock markets plunged more than six percent wednesday , a day after the country 's stocks lost an estimated ## billion dollars in value amid global financial turmoil .
four soldiers serving in the us-led coalition in afghanistan were killed when their vehicle struck a roadside bomb wednesday in the east of the country , the force said .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from tuesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
dutch stocks fell #.## percent in early trading on wednesday , but shares in the fortis banking and insurance group rallied by #.## percent to #.## euros , having dropped ##.## percent on tuesday .
south korea will set up its first carbon trading company to help regulate greenhouse gas emissions , officials said wednesday .
the share price of british bank hbos tumbled by ## percent in early morning trade here on wednesday , dragging london 's ftse ### leading shares index back into negative territory .
french bank and insurance shares rose sharply in initial trading wednesday , helping the main cac ## index to a rally of #.## percent after sharp falls in the past two days .
arcelormittal , the world 's leading steelmaker , announced a cost-cutting program on wednesday to save #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion euros -rrb- over five years , and including unspecified job losses .
youtube is being flooded with mocking videos by sarah palin imitators , attracting millions of viewers and triggering stormy online debate between the aspiring vice president 's fans and critics .
the following are key dates in the history of israel 's centrist kadima party -- the country 's youngest political party -- and its outgoing leader prime minister ehud olmert .
alitalia canceled ## flights on wednesday , half of them international , because of a four-hour strike by a minority union opposed to a rescue deal for the <unk> national carrier .
the industrial chemical melamine has been found in milk products produced by ## chinese dairy companies in an unfolding scandal that has killed three babies and sickened more than #,### .
india 's central bank said it has told lehman brothers not to engage in any government security transactions as primary dealer following the wall street giant 's collapse .
australian shares lost #.# percent on wednesday , reversing earlier gains made on the back of an overnight wall street rally due to fresh nervousness about us financial woes , dealers said .
south korean shares closed #.# percent higher wednesday as financial concerns eased on news that the us government rescued american international group with an ## billion dollar loan .
the world 's biggest reinsurer swiss re revealed on wednesday that its exposure to us insurance giant aig was about ### million swiss francs -lrb- ###.## million dollars , ###.## million euros -rrb- .
south korea should brace for more fallout from the us financial turmoil , top officials said wednesday , calling for concerted efforts to calm local markets .
australian shares lost #.# percent on wednesday , reversing earlier gains made on the back of an overnight wall street due to fresh nervousness about us financial woes , dealers said .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi , who is facing an opposition bid to seize power , said wednesday he might step down before a planned handover to his deputy in mid-#### .
a nigerian militant group said wednesday it acted with a new ally to stage an attack which destroyed a royal dutch shell oil flow station in the african nation 's main producing region .
indian police have released sketches of three men they believe were behind a series of bombs that killed ## people in new delhi on saturday .
french shares rose by #.## percent to #,###.## points on the cac ## index in initial trading on wednesday , following an overnight rescue of us insurance giant aig by the us federal reserve central bank .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday , led by banks amid unabated concerns over the impact of us financial turmoil on the chinese economy , dealers said .
shares of top indian pharmaceutical company ranbaxy slid wednesday after the us regulator blocked imports of more than ## of its drugs , saying they failed to meet manufacturing standards .
members of israel 's governing kadima party headed to the polls on wednesday to elect a new leader , with the foreign minister and a hawkish former general vying to replace scandal-plagued prime minister ehud olmert .
thousands of balinese in traditional outfits rallied on the indonesian holiday island wednesday against an anti-pornography bill derided by critics as a threat to local cultures .
the following are key facts about the leadership vote in israel 's ruling kadima party being held on wednesday , which could decide who will be the next prime minister .
frankfurt 's dax ## opened #.## percent higher on wednesday , after the us federal reserve agreed to a rescue loan to prevent us insurance giant aig following lehman brothers into bankruptcy .
bangladesh plans to introduce tough laws to stamp out sex offences at its universities after a spate of complaints by female students , the government said wednesday .
a rally on asian stock markets triggered by a massive us rescue plan for insurance giant aig lost steam wednesday as worries crept back over the us financial crisis , brokers said .
multi-party talks to form zimbabwe 's new unity government were unlikely to start wednesday with the top brass of president robert mugabe 's party discussing cabinet posts after a landmark power sharing deal with the opposition .
a year after ernest bai koroma swept into power in sierra leone with promises to shore up the country 's economy and to tackle corruption , many here complain that the changes are too slow .
women are playing a crucial role in post-genocide rwandan politics with the help of a seat reservation system that has made the country one of the few with equal representation of the sexes .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi , who is facing an opposition bid to seize power , said wednesday he might step down before a planned handover to his deputy in mid-#### .
britain 's spanish-owned airport operator baa said wednesday it planned to sell london 's gatwick hub after regulators last month called for the sale of two of its airports on competition grounds .
new zealand share prices rallied wednesday , rising #.## percent as the us federal reserve moved to bail out insurer american international group .
australian shares closed down #.# percent wednesday , reversing gains made earlier in the session on the back of an overnight wall street rally , dealers said .
chinese parents rushed babies in for medical checkups in beijing on wednesday , voicing fear and confusion over what to feed their babies amid a growing scandal over tainted milk powder .
britain 's spanish-owned airport operator baa said wednesday it planned to sell london 's gatwick hub immmediately , after regulators last month called for the sale of two of its airports on competition grounds .
taiwan shares closed up wednesday , but a late sell-off pared back a bigger early advance spurred by the us bailout of insurance giant aig , dealers said .
new zealand share prices rallied wednesday , rising #.## percent after the us federal reserve moved to bail out insurer american international group .
the un 's special envoy for human rights to cambodia has resigned after a long war of words with the government , as prime minister hun sen on wednesday called him the one person he would never meet .
shares of top indian generics company ranbaxy slid wednesday after the us regulator blocked the import of more than ## of the company 's drugs , saying they failed to meet manufacturing standards .
swiss bank credit suisse said late tuesday it has reached a deal with us regulators to buy back about ### million dollars worth of securities from clients and pay a ## million dollar penalty .
britain 's spanish-owned airport operator baa said wednesday it planned to sell london 's gatwick air hub immmediately , after regulators called last month called for it to sell two airports on competition grounds .
four us-led coalition soldiers and an afghan national were killed in a bomb explosion in eastern afghanistan on wednesday , the force said .
in a move aimed at averting a new global economic shock , the us federal reserve agreed tuesday to an unprecedented ##-billion-dollar rescue loan for american international group .
south korean shares closed #.# percent higher wednesday , recovering partially from tuesday 's #.# percent slide prompted by the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers .
south korea has signed an initial deal to lease ##,### hectares -lrb- ##,### acres -rrb- of indonesian coastal waters to grow seaweed for <unk> fuel , the government said wednesday .
taiwan shares finished up #.## percent wednesday after a late fall upset early gains spurred by wall street 's rebound and the taiwan central bank 's decision to cut the bank reserve ratio , dealers said .
thailand 's prime minister-elect somchai wongsawat extended an olive branch wednesday to protesters occupying the main government complex , making a call for national reconciliation .
the united states and china announced tuesday a raft of trade agreements at the end of bilateral trade talks amid a faltering us economy buffeted by a financial crisis .
hollywood 's a-list was out in force tuesday at a fundraiser for barack obama with stars including leonardo dicaprio helping to amass an estimated nine million dollars for the democrat 's white house campaign .
china said wednesday that more than #,### babies had fallen ill and three died from drinking contaminated milk powder as it promised a sweeping check of every dairy producer across the country .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher wednesday , helped by wall street gains and investors picking up local stocks after an ## percent slide over the past six days , dealers said .
scientists in france on wednesday said they had figured out how a germ that causes potentially lethal food poisoning can be transmitted from a mother to a foetus .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher wednesday , helped by wall street gains and investors picking up local stocks after an ## percent slide over the past six days , dealers said .
hundreds of worried policyholders , some hoping to terminate their agreements , lined up wednesday outside the singapore office of troubled global insurance giant american international group -lrb- aig -rrb- .
hong kong share prices fell below ##,### points by noon wednesday as financial and property stocks slid on uncertainties over the impact of the us financial crisis , dealers said .
india has deployed its top fighter jets in its part of disputed kashmir bordering pakistan , officials and a report said wednesday .
american international group -lrb- aig -rrb- , the insurance giant rescued tuesday by the us government , grew over the last ## years from a small firm founded in china to a goliath of global finance before it ran into legal trouble and dramatic financial losses .
chinese share prices fell #.## percent by midday wednesday , led lower by banks amid unabated concerns over the impact of us financial turmoil on the chinese economy , dealers said .
all dairy producers across china will be tested following a scandal over a chemical placed in milk powder that has killed three babies and sickened thousands , authorities said wednesday .
us lawmakers tuesday sought to overturn a decades-old ban on offshore drilling voting in favor of a new energy bill which has been spurred by spiralling oil prices .
for the past ## years , mohammed <unk> 's `` tambor '' drum has woken up muslims of the southern lebanese city of sidon during ramadan for their last meal before a day of fasting from sunrise .
south korea should brace for more fallout from the us financial turmoil , top officials said wednesday , calling for concerted efforts to calm local markets .
north and south korean officials will meet friday to discuss energy aid for the north despite a deadlock in a six-nation nuclear disarmament deal , the foreign ministry in seoul said .
south korea said wednesday that it has taken delivery of patriot missiles to protect against attack by north korea and they would be operational within two years .
taiwan 's central bank has cut bank reserve requirements in an effort to increase liquidity and beat back the turmoil on global financial markets .
thai lawmakers elected somchai wongsawat , a brother-in-law to ousted premier thaksin shinawatra , as the new prime minister wednesday despite threats from protesters vowing to force him from power .
oil prices rebounded by about three dollars in asia on wednesday , after recent heavy losses , and global financial turmoil is likely to keep trading volatile , dealers said .
the united states and china announced tuesday a raft of trade agreements , including health care and pharmaceutical products , at the end of one-day bilateral trade talks in california .
thailand 's supreme court wednesday delayed its verdict in a corruption case against ousted premier thaksin shinawatra and issued a new arrest warrant ordering him to appear before the judges to hear their ruling .
most asian stock markets rebounded wednesday from a dramatic selloff as an unprecedented us rescue plan for insurance giant aig restored confidence in the global financial system for now .
china 's mengniu dairy suspended trading of its shares on the hong kong stock exchange wednesday after its products tested positive for a chemical that has killed at least three babies and sickened thousands more .
one person died and ## were injured wednesday in a leak of ammonia at a dairy in saint petersburg , ria-novosti news agency reported .
the federal reserve stared down pressure from markets and held its base lending rate at #.# percent tuesday , suggesting the economy can muddle through the current turmoil without an immediate rate cut .
two of ## chinese companies found to have a potentially deadly chemical in their milk powder were exporting their products to other countries , china 's quality watchdog said wednesday .
australian shares were up #.# percent at midday wednesday , having slipped slightly from a strong opening after a rally on wall street , dealers said .
french defense minister herve morin wednesday asked his australian counterpart to visit afghanistan with him , as he stressed the need for foreign forces to remain in the country .
us president george w. bush on tuesday endorsed the federal reserve 's rescue loan for troubled insurance giant american international group as a move that would `` promote stability in financial markets , '' the white house said in a statement .
chinese share prices were slightly lower wednesday morning , led by banks amid concerns over the impact of us financial turmoil on chinese economy , dealers said .
the united states and china announced tuesday a raft of trade agreements , including health care and pharmaceutical products , at the end of one-day bilateral trade talks in california .
us president george w. bush on tuesday endorsed the federal reserve 's rescue loan for troubled insurance giant american international group as a move that would `` promote stability in financial markets , '' the white house said in a statement .
the dollar extended gains against the yen in asian trade wednesday after the us federal reserve announced an unprecedented rescue package for troubled insurance giant aig , dealers said .
barclays said wednesday it had reached a deal to acquire the north american investment banking and capital markets businesses of beleaguered us investment giant lehman brothers for #.## billion dollars .
hong kong share prices opened #.# percent up wednesday , tracking wall street 's rebound after the us federal reserve announced a rescue package for troubled insurance giant aig , dealers said .
the united states and china announced tuesday a raft of trade agreements , including health care and pharmaceutical products , at the end of one-day bilateral trade talks here .
the united states and china announced tuesday a raft of trade agreements , including health care and pharmaceutical products , at the end of one-day bilateral trade talks here .
us president george w. bush on tuesday endorsed the federal reserve 's rescue loan for troubled insurance giant american insurance group as a move that would `` promote stability in financial markets , '' the white house said in a statement .
a top peace negotiator and a hawkish former general battle it out on wednesday in a party vote that could give israel its next prime minister and determine the course of middle east peace efforts .
oil prices rebounded by more than three dollars in asia on wednesday after dropping to seven-month lows on worries for slowing energy demand .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from tuesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
taiwan shares were #.## percent higher in early trade wednesday following wall street 's rebound and the taiwan central bank 's decision to cut the bank reserve ratio , dealers said .
the us federal reserve announced an unprecedented rescue loan tuesday of up to ## billion dollars to save teetering insurance giant american international group from bankruptcy amid fears of a catastrophic effect on financial markets .
the us federal reserve announced tuesday it would make an unprecedented ## - billion-dollar rescue loan to save insurance giant american international group from bankruptcy amid fears of a catastrophic meltdown on financial markets .
japanese share prices rose about two percent in early trade wednesday as the us federal reserve announced an unprecedented deal to rescue insurance giant american international group .
the us federal reserve announced on tuesday an unprecedented rescue loan of up to ## billion dollars to save insurance giant american international group from bankruptcy amid fears of a catastrophic effect on financial markets .
barclays announced wednesday that it had reached an agreement to acquire lehman brothers north american investment banking and capital markets businesses .
barclays announced in a statement wednesday that it had reached an agreement to acquire lehman brothers north american investment banking and capital markets businesses .
australian shares rose #.# percent in early trade wednesday following an overnight rally on wall street .
bypassing its trade embargo on communist cuba , the united states on tuesday announced approving ### million dollars in `` farm sales '' to havana after hurricanes gustav and ike devastated cuba 's crops .
south korean shares opened #.# percent higher wednesday following their #.# percent fall the previous day on the collapse of us investment bank lehman brothers .
south korea-based samsung electronics said tuesday it is offering to buy us flash-memory titan sandisk for #.# billion dollars .
the main militant group in southern nigeria -- the movement for the emancipation of the niger delta -lrb- mend -rrb- -- said thursday it had destroyed a major oil pipeline belonging to royal dutch shell .
armed militants waging a `` war '' in nigeria 's southern oil-producing hub said on friday they had released two south african workers taken hostage by pirates last week .
britain declared a halt to short-selling -- when investors borrow company stock to sell it -- on thursday , and warned it could extend the ban to other financial sectors in order to steady the markets .
ex-president bill clinton thursday cast an approving eye at sarah palin 's political skills , but would not be drawn on whether his wife hillary could run for the white house in #### .
mexican president felipe calderon thursday proposed a new law to confiscate property gained through organized crime , amid escalating drug violence and a deadly grenade attack on national day celebrations this week .
reports that the us government is preparing the creation of a new entity to rescue troubled financial firms lifted wall street thursday and raised hopes for an end to the credit crisis .
us treasury officials and members of congress were to meet thursday evening to discuss the financial crisis , the white house said , when asked about the possible creation of a new government entity to rescue troubled financial firms .
three of five nigerian journalists arrested in connection with a hoax story alleging that the country 's president was contemplating stepping down on health grounds , were freed thursday , one of them said .
the award-winning us channel home box office -lrb- hbo -rrb- has hired a team of script - writers to adapt two thrillers by author james ellroy into a television series , variety magazine said thursday .
global stocks took another frantic ride thursday with nervous new york traders mounting a strong late-day rally on hopes of new us program to salvage the troubled financial system .
a non-profit internet rights group on thursday filed a lawsuit against president george w. bush and others in his administration for the `` massively illegal '' surveillance of emails and telephone calls without court warrants .
the most prominent militant group in southern nigeria -- the movement for the emancipation of the niger delta -lrb- mend -rrb- -- said thursday it had destroyed a major oil pipeline belonging to royal dutch shell .
president george w. bush met thursday with us central bank chief ben bernanke , sec chairman christopher cox and treasury secretary henry paulson to discuss `` the serious conditions in our financial markets , '' the white house said .
french actress juliette binoche embarked on a new stage in her career thursday , taking to the boards in london in a new dance show she co-directed and performed with top british choreographer akram khan .
democrat barack obama surged into the lead thursday in national polls which showed the financial crisis rocking the white house race and `` palin power '' fading for the republican ticket .
the most prominent militant group in southern nigeria -- the movement for the emancipation of the niger delta -lrb- mend -rrb- -- said thursday it had destroyed a major oil pipeline belonging to royal dutch shell .
wall street stocks surged at the end of a nervous session thursday as battered markets drew encouragement from news about talks to set up a new government entity to rescue troubled financial firms .
five immigrants died and two others were critically injured thursday in a shooting near the southern italian city of naples , the ansa news agency said , adding that the incident was believed to be linked to drugs trafficking .
oil prices <unk> higher thursday in choppy trade , after major central banks flushed hundreds of billions of cash into the tight banking system in a bid to calm roiling financial markets .
the presumed patriarch of montreal 's sicilian mafia , ##-year-old nick rizzuto , and five of his associates pleaded guilty thursday to gangsterism , extortion , and importing and trafficking drugs .
yahoo on thursday began a promised homepage makeover intended to revitalize its popular but financially stumbling website .
defense lawyers for oj simpson tried to paint police as overzealous and out to `` get '' the former american football star , during his trial on robbery and kidnapping charges thursday .
new rules aimed at curbing speculative `` naked short '' sales that aim to profit from falling share prices took effect on wall street thursday as a probe was launched into market manipulation .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice warned on thursday that russia risks reversing its gains toward global integration with its `` dark turn '' toward authoritarianism at home and aggression abroad .
john mccain 's campaign thursday refused to say whether the republican candidate would welcome spain 's prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero -- the leader of a key nato ally -- to his white house .
president dmitry medvedev on thursday moved to prop up russia 's battered financial markets following the biggest one-day plunge in share prices since the #### financial crisis .
mexican president felipe calderon was thursday to propose a new law to confiscate property gained through organized crime , amid escalating drug-related violence and a deadly grenade attack on national day celebrations this week .
us ambassador zalmay khalilzad on thursday chided the new president of the un general assembly over his recent anti-us comments , warning him to stick to his role as a `` <unk> '' if he wanted to be effective .
italian airline alitalia faced almost certain bankruptcy thursday after a consortium dropped plans to save the stricken flag-carrier when unions failed to accept a deal that would have cost thousands of jobs .
belarussian president alexander lukashenko on thursday called on the west to `` accept '' his country amid signs of a thaw in a state described by washington as europe 's last dictatorship .
britain 's keira knightley has joined the cast of a movie about a married couple , starring with france 's guillaume canet and us actress eva mendes , the industry daily variety said thursday .
russia said thursday it had test-fired a new-generation strategic missile from a submarine , the latest launch of a multiple-warhead weapon designed to breach anti-missile shields .
nearly three times as many women in britain are having breast enlargement operations compared to five years ago , a study out thursday showed .
new york state on thursday launched a probe into illegal short selling practices that may have hurt finance firms including lehman brothers and morgan stanley , state attorney general andrew cuomo said .
new york state on thursday launched a probe into illegal short selling practices that may have hurt finance firms including lehman brothers and morgan stanley , state attorney general andrew cuomo said .
a non-profit internet rights group on thursday filed a lawsuit against the george w. bush administration for what it called the `` massively illegal '' surveillance of americans ' emails and telephone calls without court-issued warrants .
a croatian couple have been taken into custody on suspicion of killing their two new-born children , a police spokesman said thursday .
the ##th san sebastian film festival opened thursday with one of spain 's top hollywood stars , antonio banderas , taking the spotlight with his new film , `` the other man '' .
the united states expressed concern on thursday over an ethiopian bill that could restrict the activities of foreign aid groups and sounded alarm bells over the food situation in the country .
nato needs to take more action in the fight against drug trafficking in afghanistan , a senior un official said wednesday .
britain said thursday it will bar short-selling -- when investors borrow company stock to sell it -- in financial shares and warned it could extend the ban to other sectors in order to steady the markets .
a statement purporting to be from al-qaeda in the islamic <unk> appeared thursday on a website , claiming responsibility for an attack on a mauritian military patrol at the start of the week .
an ill-fated aeroflot jet , which crashed into the ural mountains killing all ## people onboard , had broken down in moscow just eight days earlier , a witness told a russian newspaper thursday .
hundreds of new marine species have been found on australia 's coral reefs , surprising an international team of biologists who announced details of their findings here thursday .
mexican authorities suspect a powerful drug gang known as la familia of involvement in a deadly grenade attack on independence day celebrations , an official said thursday .
prominent sunni muslim religious commentator sheikh yusuf al-qaradawi charged on thursday that shiite muslims are `` invading '' sunni societies .
russia has jeopardized its moves into the world economic and political fold with its `` dark turn '' back toward aggression and authoritarianism , us secretary of state condoleezza rice warned thursday .
us defense secretary robert gates urged nato thursday to avoid provocation in response to russia 's invasion of georgia , but to pursue planning and exercises to reassure baltic and eastern europe allies .
fresh from her election as the head of israel 's governing kadima party , tzipi livni on thursday set out to become the country 's second woman prime minister and avert snap elections that could stall middle east peacemaking .
president george w. bush will meet tuesday for the first time with his new pakistani counterpart asif ali zardari as ties between the two allies strain over afghanistan and us strikes on islamic militants .
britain 's financial services authority announced thursday it would ban short - selling -- when investors borrow stock in a company to sell it -- in financial shares from midnight -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- .
us defense secretary robert gates acknowledged us concerns about the potential for instability in north korea amid reports its leader suffered a stroke .
alitalia , italy 's virtually bankrupt flag carrier , has received five billion euros in government aid in the last ## years to keep it flying .
britain 's financial services authority announced on thursday that it would ban short-selling -- when investors borrow stock in a company to sell it -- in financial shares from midnight -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- .
hawkish israeli transport minister shaul mofaz said on thursday he was quitting politics temporarily after losing the leadership of the ruling kadima party to foreign minister tzipi livni .
a rally on global stock markets fizzled out tamely thursday as nervous investors took quick profits on gains made after unprecedented joint central bank action to ease the global credit crunch .
oil prices rose sharply for a second day running thursday , bouncing above ### dollars , as the us currency fell after major central banks massively boosted liquidity on financial markets .
a us soldier was sentenced thursday to seven months in prison for conspiracy to commit murder in connection with the deaths of four detainees in iraq last year , an army spokeswoman said .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice cast doubt thursday on whether russia , `` increasingly authoritarian at home and aggressive abroad , '' will continue to be brought into the global economic fold .
at least ## prisoners were found dead after police stormed a mexican prison in tijuana near the us border in the second riot in three days there , a state official said thursday .
representatives from ## balkan countries gathered here thursday to debate a ban on cluster bombs amid reports such bombs were used by both russia and georgia in their recent conflict .
the world financial crisis highlights the need for social reforms , anti- globalisation activists said thursday repeating demands for a economic model .
president dmitry medvedev on thursday moved to prop up russia 's battered financial markets following the biggest one-day plunge in share prices since the #### financial crisis .
a united nations expert on human rights condemned on thursday a rash of violence against bolivia 's indigenous community amid a political crisis that has left at least ## people dead .
us president george w. bush vowed thursday his administration would meet the challenges of the global financial crisis , after the federal reserve injected ### billion dollars into the banking system .
two-time oscar winner hilary swank underwent surgery to remove a benign tumor , people magazine reported thursday , quoting her manager .
the european court of human rights rebuked turkey on thursday over the mistreatment of three of its citizens by policemen in incidents stretching back to the ####s .
italian airline alitalia faced virtually certain bankruptcy thursday after a consortium dropped plans to save the stricken flag-carrier when unions failed to accept a deal that would have cost thousands of jobs .
at least ## prisoners were found dead after police stormed a mexican prison in tijuana near the us border in the second riot in three days there , a state official said thursday .
british bank lloyds tsb agreed thursday to buy rival hbos for ##.# billion pounds -lrb- ##.# billion euros , ##.# billion dollars -rrb- in a rescue takeover that sparked concern about thousands of possible job cuts .
sweden said thursday it would issue up to ### billion kronor -lrb- ##.# billion euros , ##.# billion dollars -rrb- in additional treasury bills to satisfy soaring market demand for safe investments amid the global financial crisis .
midamerican energy holdings company , a subsidiary of warren buffett 's berkshire hathaway , agreed thursday to acquire constellation energy for around #.# billion dollars in cash .
the dutch foreign minister protested thursday against an alleged moroccan espionage attempt and announced that two moroccan diplomats had been recalled from the hague over the matter .
european stocks closed mostly lower thursday as nervous investors took quick profits on early gains made after unprecedented joint central bank action to boost liquidity and ease the global credit crunch .
the osce said thursday it will not send any additional observers to georgia for now , amid differences with russia over where they should be deployed .
european stocks closed mostly lower thursday as nervous investors took quick profits on early gains made after unprecedented joint central bank action to boost liquidity and ease the global credit crunch .
the european commission said thursday it aimed to prevent dominant telecommunications companies from recreating monopolies in next generation fibre-optic networks .
trade negotiators meeting here thursday steered clear of the main issues in russia 's bid for wto membership , agreeing to reconvene in november , as the united states warned that moscow 's accession bid was now in question .
somalia 's business community on thursday expressed concern over the closure of mogadishu airport by a radical islamist group , arguing the move was tantamount to self-inflicted sanctions .
eu economic and monetary affairs commissioner joaquin almunia said thursday he opposed the use of `` financial socialism '' to bail out private companies suffering financial meltdowns , unless they presented risks to the global economy .
trade negotiators meeting here thursday steered clear of the main issues in russia 's bid for wto membership , agreeing to reconvene in november , as the united states warned that <unk> 's accession bid was now in question .
rwanda became the first country in the world where women outnumber men in parliament , according to provisional results announced thursday at the close of a four-day legislative vote .
morgan stanley and goldman sachs , the last two independent wall street investment banks , saw their shares slide further thursday amid growing pressure to find merger partners to ride out the financial storm , analysts said .
world central banks took unprecedented action thursday to flood desperately tight money markets with dollars as investors worried who the next victim of the global financial turmoil could be .
us president george w. bush will meet with his pakistani counterpart asif ali zardari on september ## in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly , white house spokeswoman dana perino announced thursday .
a ship ferrying un food aid arrived in somalia 's mogadishu port thursday escorted by a canadian frigate to deter an attack by pirates .
somali pirates seized a greek ship and a hong kong-flagged vessel in the latest in a string of attacks that have prompted calls for international action , officials said on thursday .
the american military has begun training a first batch of iraqi women spies to work alongside us-led forces in the violence-hit country , it was announced here on thursday .
the global style spotlight swings to milan on saturday where fashion week kicks off with more than ## spring-summer #### collections to be sent out , highlighted by the much-awaited debut of gianfranco ferre 's designer duo .
president george w. bush vowed thursday that his administration would meet the serious challenges facing markets amid a <unk> global financial crisis .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad said on thursday he was ready to debate the men running for us president when he visits new york for the un general assembly , and dismissed western threats of more sanctions over tehran 's nuclear drive .
democrat barack obama topped two key national polls thursday which showed the financial crisis reverberating through the white house race and `` palin power '' fading for the republican ticket .
pope benedict xvi on thursday defended the memory of his predecessor pius xii , who he said `` spared no effort '' in trying to save jews from extermination by nazi germany and fascist italy .
us president george w. bush promised more action to help stricken markets thursday as central banks staked billions of dollars to douse a firestorm of credit woes threatening to claim more victims .
former un chief kofi annan , who brokered an end to kenya 's political crisis , returned here thursday and was handed the findings of a commission probing its controversial election , officials said .
eu economic and monetary affairs commissioner joaquin almunia said thursday he opposed the use of `` financial socialism '' to bail out private companies suffering financial meltdowns , unless they presented risks to the global economy .
police shot dead ## prisoners in the second riot in three days at a mexican prison in tijuana near the us border , a state official said thursday .
nigeria 's newly appointed chief of defense staff on thursday toured the strife - wracked niger delta where militants launched an `` oil war '' last weekend .
zimbabwe 's leaders failed thursday to agree on who will get which key ministries in a new unity government and have referred the matter to negotiators , days after signing a historic power-sharing deal .
the european court of human rights found russia guilty on thursday of violating a chechen 's right to life in the ##,### th case since its creation in #### .
a us soldier was sentenced thursday to seven months in prison for conspiracy to commit murder in connection with the deaths of four detainees in iraq last year , an army spokeswoman said .
cautious european leaders , aware they are dealing with a situation largely out of their control , are being guarded in their comments as they confront the global financial turmoil , analysts said thursday .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice cast doubt thursday on whether russia , `` increasingly authoritarian at home and aggressive abroad , '' will continue to be brought into the global economic fold .
turkey 's government came under pressure thursday for a probe into an islamist - leaning charity close to the ruling party after millions of dollars from its offspring in germany were embezzled .
india on thursday lifted a decades-old ban on local editions of foreign news magazines , but put a cap of ## percent on overseas equity in such joint ventures .
zambia 's acting president rupiah banda called for national unity thursday ahead of presidential elections and assured foreign investors not to panic at the outcome of the polls .
rebels fighting government forces in eastern dr congo said thursday they would adopt a un-proposed disengagement plan only if they begin direct talks with kinshasa .
ukrainian president viktor yushchenko oversaw military exercises thursday aimed at preparing to fight off an invasion amid growing tensions with russia .
central banks threw more than ### billion dollars at the global credit storm thursday as pressure mounted on wall street legend morgan stanley and swiss bank ubs .
president george w. bush vowed his administration would meet the serious challenges facing markets amid a rapidly deteriorating financial crisis .
the father one of two chinese students brutally murdered in britain appealed for information into his daughter 's death , in an emotional press conference thursday .
us stocks rebounded thursday as a massive liquidity push by global central banks appeared to calm markets a day after a feverish rush to safe-haven assets .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice warned that russia 's bid to join the world trade organization is `` now in question , '' according to excerpts from a speech due later thursday .
turkish shares shed #.## percent thursday , in a fourth day of losses amid the global <unk> turmoil .
president george w. bush vowed his administration would meet the serious challenges facing markets amid a rapidly deteriorating financial crisis .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad said on thursday that a close aide was misquoted in reported comments about israel that have sparked a chorus of calls from conservatives for him to step down .
wall street and european stocks rallied thursday , despite steep asian losses , as the world 's central banks pumped billions of dollars into money markets in a bid to bolster investor confidence .
bank of china has taken a one-fifth share in the edmond de rothschild finance company of france for ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , a spokesman for the french bank told afp on thursday .
women won at least ## out of ## seats in rwanda 's legislative elections , making the central african country the first in the world where men are outnumbered in the national assembly , the electoral commission said thursday .
poland 's <unk> tabloid , owned by germany 's axel springer media group , on thursday launched weekly polish-language editions for britain and ireland , the editor in charge of the two newspapers said .
at least ## prisoners were killed in the second riot in three days at a mexican prison in tijuana near the us border , officials said thursday .
an egyptian donkey has been jailed for stealing corn on the cob from a field belonging to an agricultural research institute in the nile delta , local media reported on thursday .
india 's inflation rate has held stubbornly above the ## percent mark , official data showed thursday .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad said on thursday he is ready to debate the us presidential candidates when he visits un headquarters for the general assembly .
bangladesh has signed a ### million dollar loan with the world bank for a power plant near the capital to address the impoverished country 's acute electricity shortage , the bank said thursday .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice warned of a russia that is `` increasingly authoritarian at home and aggressive abroad , '' according to excerpts from a speech due later thursday .
us defense secretary robert gates urged nato thursday to avoid provocation in response to russia 's invasion of georgia , but to pursue planning and exercises to reassure baltic and eastern europe allies .
an iranian woman whose asylum request was rejected by sweden said thursday she feared for her life if she were to be deported to iran because of her criticism of its government .
austrian diplomat werner <unk> has been named head of the osce 's mission to kosovo , europe 's top security body said thursday .
yemeni authorities have rounded up ## suspects over a deadly attack on the us embassy in sanaa claimed by an al-qaeda linked islamist group , a security source said on thursday .
us stocks rebounded at the open thursday as a massive liquidity effort by global central banks appeared to calm markets a day after a feverish rush to safe-haven assets .
india on thursday lifted a decades-old ban on local editions of foreign news magazines , but put a cap of ## percent on overseas equity in such joint ventures .
the european commission on thursday proposed tougher rules for slaughterhouses to ensure that farm animals `` are humanely treated '' before they are killed .
socialist president evo morales and bolivia 's autonomy-seeking opposition governors began negotiating thursday to try to defuse a violent political crisis that has left at least ## people dead .
here is a summary of key developments on thursday in the world financial crisis .
us president george w. bush will thursday make a statement on the stricken economy at ##:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , a white house spokesman said .
the body of a four-year-old french girl who police suspect was murdered and dumped in a river by her israeli grandfather was flown back to france on thursday for burial , airline officials said .
a hitherto unknown music score by wolfgang amadeus mozart has been discovered in library archives in a french city , the library announced thursday .
india 's inflation rate has held stubbornly above the ## percent mark , official data showed thursday .
swaziland police stopped dozens of demonstrators trying to blockade border posts in protest against elections friday in africa 's last absolute monarchy .
president mahmoud ahmadinejad said on thursday that iran has no fear of threatened new international sanctions over its refusal to halt controversial nuclear work .
us president george w. bush will thursday make a statement on the stricken economy at ##:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , a white house spokesman said .
midamerican energy holdings company , controlled by tycoon warren buffett 's berkshire hathaway , agreed thursday to acquire constellation energy for around #.# billion dollars in cash .
china 's milk scandal escalated dramatically on thursday as it emerged the illegal chemical blamed for killing four babies had been detected in a wide range of dairy products , leading to mass recalls .
president mahmoud ahmadinejad said on thursday that iran has no fear of threatened new international sanctions over its controversial nuclear drive .
all territorial claims in the arctic must fall within the strict framework of the international law of the sea , norway said thursday in reaction to russian plans to formally set its borders in the oil-rich region .
no-frills airlines easyjet and <unk> announced thursday that they would suspend flights serving certain cities in spain for economic reasons .
fresh from her election as the head of israel 's governing kadima party , tzipi livni on thursday set out to become the country 's second woman prime minister and avert snap elections that could stall middle east peacemaking .
a danish appeals court on thursday convicted six danes of selling t-shirts in aid of colombian and palestinian extremist groups , while one person was acquitted .
the european commission unveiled thursday a new action plan for tackling drug abuse , with cocaine consumption in europe on the rise .
president nicolas sarkozy on thursday announced new penalties to punish those who cheat the french health insurance system , among europe 's most comprehensive state benefits .
belgian-french banking group dexia said thursday that losses on its exposure to collapsed us investment giant lehman brothers would be about ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- .
switzerland 's central bank on thursday left its interest rate unchanged and pledged it would keep `` generously '' providing the markets with liquidity .
algeria on thursday denied reports it and khartoum may ask the united nations to suspend war crimes proceedings against sudan 's leader , instead saying the african union was mulling such a move .
bank of china has taken a one-fifth share in the edmond de rothschild finance company for ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , a spokesman for the european banking group told afp on thursday .
sweden will contribute around ## observers and materiel to a civilian european union monitoring mission in georgia , the government said in a statement on thursday .
british prime minister gordon brown said thursday that the world needs to clean up the financial system to prevent a recurrence of the current crisis , slamming `` irresponsible '' behavior .
somchai wongsawat , brother-in-law of ousted premier thaksin shinawatra , officially became thailand 's new prime minister thursday after the king endorsed his election by parliament .
indian shares rose #.# percent thursday , recovering from intra-day lows on bargain hunting , as global central banks moved to calm turbulent financial markets through joint liquidity action .
the us federal reserve announced a ### billion-dollar liquidity line to fight the racing fires of global financial crisis thursday and said it was ready to do more .
the osce said thursday it will not send any additional observers to georgia for now , amid differences with russia over where they should be deployed .
president dmitry medvedev on thursday ordered the government to support russia 's battered financial markets following the biggest one-day plunge in share prices since the #### financial crisis .
british prime minister gordon brown heads to his labor party 's annual conference saturday to battle a swelling revolt which could force him out of downing street after just over a year in office .
oil prices rose sharply for a second day running thursday , bouncing above ### dollars , as the us currency fell after major central banks further boosted liquidity on financial markets .
the fate of troubled airline alitalia hung in the balance thursday , with the company 's unions set to announce whether they will take or leave a proposed takeover offer of italy 's flag carrier .
switzerland 's central bank on thursday left its interest rate unchanged and pledged it would keep `` generously '' providing the markets with liquidity .
the world 's top central banks announced a huge operation thursday to boost the volume of dollars available to strangled money markets as global financial turmoil ripped deeper into confidence .
seven american soldiers were killed on thursday when their transport helicopter crashed in southern iraq , the deadliest such incident in the country for over a year , the us military said .
central banks around the world on thursday threw more than ### billion dollars into the fight against the credit crisis as speculation grew over wall street legend morgan stanley and a top british bank was forced into a merger .
the tokyo international film festival will turn green this year by screening <unk> works from around the world , organisers said thursday .
yemeni authorities have rounded up ## suspects over a deadly attack on the us embassy in sanaa claimed by an al-qaeda linked islamist group , a security source said on thursday .
russian president dmitry medvedev on thursday said relations between moscow and kiev must remain strong despite ukraine 's political crisis and its ties to the west , russian news agencies reported .
south korean police thursday detained dozens of blind masseurs who threatened to leap from a bridge into seoul 's han river in protest at a ruling which they fear will cost them their jobs .
the us army has awarded ##-million-dollars -lrb- <unk> -rrb- of contracts to build a joint military bases in bulgaria , the us embassy said in a statement thursday .
oil prices extended gains on thursday as the dollar fell following a coordinated plan by major central banks around the world to boost liquidity amid a credit crunch .
malaysia 's opposition leader anwar ibrahim thursday called for an emergency session of parliament to hold a no-confidence vote against the prime minister .
zimbabwe 's leaders were to meet thursday to chose a new government , after president robert mugabe said the ruling party had been humiliated by a power - sharing deal with the opposition .
the european commission said thursday it will sue portugal over rules that limit voting rights in portuguese energy group edp , but do not apply to the state .
hong kong authorities said thursday they had found the industrial chemical melamine in drinks , ice creams and yoghurt made by a chinese firm involved in a widening food safety scandal .
as kofi annan returns to kenya six months after brokering a landmark power - sharing deal , the governing coalition is still holding but has little else to boast about , analysts say .
shares in australia 's biggest investment bank , macquarie group , plunged ## percent thursday on fears the global credit crunch could hurt its ability to refinance debt , dealers said .
former un chief kofi annan , who brokered an end to kenya 's political crisis , returned to the country thursday to be handed the findings of a commission probing a controversial election , officials said .
a nuclear reactor in the netherlands closed for safety reasons , causing cancer patients to face longer waits for diagnoses , is unlikely to be back in operation before late november , its owners said .
british bank lloyds tsb on thursday agreed to buy rival hbos for ##.# billion pounds -lrb- ##.# billion euros , ##.# billion dollars -rrb- as the raging global financial storm claimed another victim .
an al-qaeda linked islamist group which claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on the us embassy in yemen threatened on thursday more strikes against western interests in the poverty-stricken nation .
european stock markets rose thursday , despite plunging equities in asia , as investors hoped that a central bank plan to boost liquidity by billions of dollars would help to ease the world financial crisis .
the indian government unveiled new security measures thursday after prime minister manmohan singh admitted to `` vast gaps '' in intelligence gathering following a spate of bombings in major cities .
swiss daredevil yves rossy will attempt to cross the english channel next week , propelled by a jet-powered wing strapped to his back , an aide said .
somali pirates on thursday seized a greek ship and a hong kong-flagged vessel in the latest in a string of attacks that have prompted calls for international action , officials said .
asian stocks fell again thursday but pared back early losses after the world 's leading central banks joined together to flood the market with cash to put the brakes on the global financial crisis .
hong kong authorities said thursday they had found the industrial chemical melamine in drinks , ice creams and yoghurt made by a chinese firm involved in a widening food safety scandal .
indian shares rose #.# percent thursday , recovering from intra-day lows on bargain hunting , as global central banks moved to calm turbulent financial markets through joint liquidity action .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- pumped ## billion euros -lrb- ## billion dollars -rrb- into financial markets thursday in its latest attempt to provide desperately needed liquidity .
the european union wants to look at ways of tapping into central asia 's vast energy reserves , an official said thursday at the opening of a foreign ministers ' meeting in paris .
the dollar dipped against the euro and yen on thursday after a brief rally in the wake of a move by major central banks around the world to boost liquidity .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday amid ongoing concerns over a domino effect on global financial markets , dealers said .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday on a rollercoaster day where the turmoil in global markets sent banks and insurers plunging before speculators swooped in , dealers said .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday on a rollercoaster day where the turmoil in global markets sent banks and insurers plunging before speculators swooped in , dealers said .
the tokyo international film festival will turn green this year by screening <unk> works from around the world , organisers said thursday .
the world 's top central banks announced a huge onslaught to boost the volume of dollars available to strangled money markets on thursday , as global financial turmoil ripped deeper into confidence .
hollywood star ryan o'neal and his son redmond were arrested wednesday in california on suspicion of drug possession , police said .
hong kong shares closed flat on thursday , recovering from a #.# percent morning dive after top global central banks banded together to ease liquidity in the financial markets , dealers said .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent lower thursday following wall street 's overnight plunge and continued political uncertainty in the country , dealers said .
the group that claimed a deadly attack on the us embassy in sanaa said on thursday that it belongs to al-qaeda and threatened more attacks against yemeni authorities and western interests .
tata motors said thursday it has been offered another site in india for its factory to mass produce the world 's cheapest car after protests over land dogged another location .
the group that claimed responsibility for an attack on the us embassy in yemen that killed ## people said on thursday that it belongs to al-qaeda , threatening more attacks against authorities in the region and western interests there .
the us federal reserve led a central bank onslaught against the racing global crisis thursday , while european stocks rallied as a british bank was rescued and despite doubts about us icon morgan stanley .
british bank barclays said thursday that it was selling new shares to raise ### million pounds -lrb- ### million euros , #.### billion dollars -rrb- to help fund its part - takeover of lehman brothers .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday amid ongoing concerns over a domino effect on the global finacial sector , dealers said .
a regional video game expo opened thursday here on a positive note despite global financial turmoil , with industry players predicting online titles will generate robust growth in coming years .
president dmitry medvedev on thursday ordered the government to support russia 's battered financial markets following the biggest one-day plunge in share prices since the #### financial crisis .
unemployment in the netherlands has dipped to its lowest level in six years even as other indicators such as economic growth and inflation come under pressure from global financial turmoil .
pirates seized another ship off the somali coast in the indian ocean , a maritime official said thursday .
indonesian shares bounced back from morning losses thursday to gain one percent at the close thanks to late bargain-hunting in commodity-related stocks , dealers said .
frankfurt 's dax ## stock index wobbled between gains and losses thursday amid uncertainty over coordinated action by five major central banks around the world to replace lost liquidity .
pirates seized another ship off the somali coast in the indian ocean , a maritime official said thursday .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent lower thursday following wall street 's overnight plunge and continued political uncertainty in the country , dealers said .
indonesian shares bounced back from morning losses thursday to gain one percent at the close thanks to late bargain-hunting in commodity-related stocks , dealers said .
new kadima leader tzipi livni faces numerous challenges in her bid to become israel 's prime minister -- battling for parliamentary support and seeking to move the peace process forward .
hong kong 's unemployment rate for the three months to august stayed at #.# percent , the same as the previous period , official figures showed thursday .
more than ## percent of the central kalahari game reserve in botswana , the world 's largest wildlife park , has been destroyed by fires in the past two weeks , a government official said .
afghan police alleged thursday that international troops shot dead a district governor thinking he was taliban , while five policemen and a nato soldier were slain in various attacks .
malaysia 's opposition leader anwar ibrahim thursday called for an emergency session of parliament to hold a no-confidence vote against the prime minister .
an australian company on thursday launched a free tool it says offers web browsers a world-first opportunity to view the internet in three dimensions .
a buddhist monk attempted suicide by slashing his throat at yangon 's most famous temple , apparently because he could not afford medical treatment for his broken legs , an official said thursday .
alitalia unions opposing a takeover offer for the crisis airline planned thursday to make a counter-proposal just ahead of a a deadline from the takeover consortium , italian news agencies said .
china on thursday reported a fourth death in a mounting scandal over tainted baby milk as it ratcheted up its response to the crisis with ## new arrests and tighter inspections of its food sector .
swaziland , africa 's last absolute monarchy , faced protests thursday on the eve of elections with anger growing in a country that remains deeply impoverished despite the king 's lavish lifestyle .
two witnesses who had earlier implicated a top indonesian spy in the #### poisoning murder of a human rights activist revoked their testimonies in court on thursday .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday on a rollercoaster day where the turmoil in global markets sent banks and insurers plunging before speculators swooped in , dealers said .
bangladesh 's high court has ruled that a ship with allegedly hazardous substances can not be dismantled on its coast , a lawyer said thursday .
hynix semiconductor , the world 's second-largest computer memory chip maker , said thursday it would close two of its old chip production lines this month to improve efficiency .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- announced thursday another one-day tender to supply billions of euros to distressed money markets .
british prime minister gordon brown heads to his labor party 's annual conference saturday to battle a swelling revolt which could force him out of downing street after just over a year in office .
the world 's top central banks announced a huge onslaught to boost the volume of dollars available to strangled money markets on thursday , as global financial turmoil ripped deeper into confidence .
airbus is on track to deliver ## a### superjumbo airliners this year , ## in #### and between ## and ## in #### , the company 's president and ceo thomas enders said late wednesday .
hong kong shares closed flat on thursday , recovering from a #.# percent morning dive , after top global central banks launched a coordinated effort to ease liquidity in the financial markets , dealers said .
malaysia 's opposition leader anwar ibrahim thursday called for an emergency session of parliament to hold a no-confidence vote against the prime minister .
european equities edged higher thursday after british bank lloyds tsb agreed a takeover deal for rival hbos , and as investors grappled with a major central bank plan to boost liquidity .
gulf states are bracing for the shakeout in the value of their massive foreign investments and the impact of lower oil revenues as the us financial crisis jolts the global economy , analysts say .
the swiss central bank announced measures to ease pressure on the crisis-ridden money markets on thursday as part of a raft of urgent actions by other major central banks .
the palestinian islamist movement hamas said on thursday that if tzipi livni became israeli prime minister it would mean the pursuit of a policy of `` aggression '' against palestinians .
moscow 's top diplomat chastised the west on thursday for backing `` those who killed russian citizens '' in the country 's war with georgia and said russia would `` draw conclusions '' from moves to punish it .
the us federal reserve on thursday threw ### billion dollars into a global fight against the financial crisis as wall street legend morgan stanley became the latest name under attack and britain 's top mortgage lender was forced into a merger .
the dollar rallied briefly on thursday after major world central banks announced an unprecedented plan to boost liquidity and help lift financial markets out of crisis .
the hong kong monetary authority said thursday it had injected #.## billion hong kong dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- into the banking system to ease liquidity pressure amid a global market crisis .
malaysia 's opposition leader anwar ibrahim thursday called for an emergency session of parliament to hold a no-confidence vote against the prime minister .
the us federal reserve announced a ###-billion-dollar cash line to fight the racing fires of global financial crisis thursday , as leading central banks said they would join in .
hong kong gold prices closed sharply higher on thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from wednesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
indian pharmaceutical company ranbaxy , which has had dozens of drugs blocked by the us over safety fears , announced thursday it had signed up former new york mayor rudy giuliani as a lobbyist .
south korean shares closed #.# percent lower thursday following wall street 's overnight plunge on renewed financial fears .
thailand 's finance minister , once considered a candidate for premier , said thursday he would not continue the job in the new government because of a pending corruption case against him .
the philippines-based asian development bank is to loan india 's bihar state ### million dollars to upgrade and expand the state highway network , the lender said thursday .
the bank of england on thursday announced a package of <unk> measures backed by other central banks including the us federal reserve , the european central bank and the bank of japan .
fresh from her election as the head of israel 's governing kadima party , tzipi livni on thursday set out to become the country 's second woman prime minister and avert snap elections that could stall middle east peacemaking .
british bank lloyds tsb announced on thursday it was taking over distressed rival halifax bank of scotland -lrb- hbos -rrb- in a ##.#-billion-pound -lrb- ##.# billion euro , ##.# billion dollar -rrb- deal .
shares in australia 's biggest investment bank , macquarie group , plunged ## percent thursday on fears the global credit crunch could hurt its ability to refinance debt , dealers said .
the us federal reserve announced a ###-billion-dollar cash line to fight the global financial crisis thursday as part of a joint campaign with leading central banks .
the us military said on thursday it has arrested an american soldier serving in iraq over the killing this week of two comrades .
democrat barack obama ridiculed his white house rival john mccain wednesday as a lifelong member of the `` old boys ' network '' that the republican said had driven the us economy into crisis .
an australian company on thursday launched a free tool it says offers web browsers a world-first opportunity to view the internet in three dimensions .
south korea 's parliament thursday approved a supplementary budget of almost four billion dollars to cushion the impact of high oil prices , lawmakers said .
the body of a four-year-old french girl who who police suspect was murdered and dumped in a river by her israeli grandfather was flown back to france on thursday for burial .
australian shares closed down #.# percent to a near three-year low thursday as bank stocks were hit by investor fears over global financial turmoil , dealers said .
seven american soldiers were killed on thursday when their transport helicopter crashed in southern iraq , the <unk> such incident in the country in more than a year , the us military said .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday ending a volatile day where a selloff in banks and insurers deepened on concerns over the turmoil in global markets , dealers said .
a former japanese serviceman who said he wanted to have fun was arrested thursday for allegedly hurling explosive-laden fire extinguishers towards the imperial palace , police and reports said .
the danish central bank on thursday revised downwards its #### growth forecast from #.# percent predicted in march to #.# percent , saying the economic slowdown had come sooner than expected .
the internet got smarter this week with the release of a semantic map that teaches computers the meanings behind words -- and gives the machines a vocabulary far larger than that of a typical us college graduate .
an australian pub has come under fire for offering free drinks to women who take off their panties and hang them on a rail above the bar .
republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin said in a television interview wednesday that john mccain had been unfairly criticized for his `` verbiage '' on the state of the us economy .
asian stocks plunged thursday as the global financial crisis deepened , with investors fleeing on fears that more banks will go under in the worst turmoil on world markets in decades .
taiwan shares closed #.## percent lower thursday as global financial woes deepened amid fears that more us financial institutions could go under , dealers said .
a south korean minister called thursday for an end to rampant speculation about the health of north korean leader kim jong-il , saying it could heighten tensions with the communist state .
indian pharmaceutical company ranbaxy , which has had dozens of drugs blocked by the us over safety fears , announced thursday it had signed up former new york mayor rudy giuliani as a lobbyist .
british bank lloyds tsb announced on thursday it was taking over distressed rival halifax bank of scotland -lrb- hbos -rrb- in a ##.#-billion-pound -lrb- ##.# billion euro , ##.# billion dollar -rrb- deal .
indian shares were down #.## percent by noon thursday , joining an asian market plunge sparked by the financial turmoil in the united states , dealers said .
australian shares closed down #.# percent thursday as bank stocks were hit by investor fears over financial turmoil in the united states , dealers said .
the hong kong subsidiary of troubled insurance titan aig said on thursday that more than #,### policies had been terminated by customers who feared a collapse .
the dollar fell further in asian trade thursday on fresh fears that the worsening global credit crisis would claim more victims on wall street , dealers said .
china on thursday reported a fourth death in a mounting scandal over tainted baby milk as it ratcheted up its response to the crisis with tighter inspections and the sacking of a city mayor .
british bank lloyds tsb announced on thursday it was taking over distressed rival halifax bank of scotland -lrb- hbos -rrb- in a ##.#-billion-pound deal .
south korea thursday unveiled steps to ease regulations in its services sector , including broadcasting ownership rules , in an attempt to boost economic growth and create more jobs .
the indian government has admitted to `` vast gaps '' in intelligence gathering and says it will look to tighten anti-terror legislation following a spate of bombings in major cities .
south korean shares closed #.# percent lower thursday following wall street 's overnight plunge on renewed financial fears .
british bank lloyds tsb announced thursday it was taking over rival halifax bank of scotland -lrb- hbos -rrb- in a ##.# billion pound deal .
thai share prices fell #.## percent in the morning session amid continuing concern following the collapse of us financial giant lehman brothers , dealers said .
british bank lloyds tsb announced thursday it was taking over rival halifax bank of scotland -lrb- hbos -rrb- in a ##.# billion pound deal .
tzipi livni , the newly elected leader of israel 's ruling kadima party , faced the daunting task on thursday of putting together a government to avert snap elections that could further slow the pace of middle east peacemaking .
newly elected thai prime minister somchai wongsawat said thursday he is ready to hold talks with his cambodian counterpart hun sen to resolve a simmering border spat .
taiwan shares closed #.## percent lower thursday as global financial woes deepened amid fears that more us financial institutions could go under , dealers said .
president lee myung-bak urged south koreans thursday to respond calmly to us financial turmoil , saying local markets were falling mainly on psychological fears .
the indian government has admitted to `` vast gaps '' in intelligence gathering and says it will look to tighten anti-terror legislation following a spate of bombings in major cities .
five american soldiers were killed on thursday in the worst helicopter crash in iraq in over a year , the us military said .
the united nations has rejected taiwan 's bid to join the global body , blocking the island 's ##th such attempt , officials said thursday .
four people died , including top us and mexican water officials , in a plane crash on the us-mexico border , the us consulate confirmed here wednesday , after conflicting reports on the aircraft 's disappearance .
internet giants google and microsoft have pulled adverts for sex selection products and services considered illegal in india after being threatened with legal action , activists said thursday .
four people died , including top us and mexican water officials , in a plane crash on the us-mexico border , the us consulate confirmed here wednesday , after conflicting reports on the aircraft 's disappearance .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni narrowly won a kadima party leadership vote , putting her on track to succeed scandal-plagued prime minister ehud olmert as head of the government , it was announced thursday .
east timorese president jose ramos-horta on thursday rejected reports that rebel leader alfredo reinado was executed rather than killed in a gunbattle with police .
hong kong share prices plunged below the ##,### mark thursday noon , as the global financial crisis deepened on reports of more trouble at us banks , including wall street stalwart morgan stanley .
philippine share prices plummeted #.## percent on thursday , pulled down by the financial turmoil in the united states , dealers said .
five american soldiers were killed thursday when their chinook helicopter crashed in iraq while flying from kuwait , the us military said .
australia 's prime minister sought to reassure the country that its financial institutions were sound as shares in the country 's biggest investment bank plunged up to ## percent thursday .
indian shares plunged five percent within minutes of trade opening thursday , joining a fresh sell-off across asia due to the financial turmoil in the united states , dealers said .
hackers broke into the email account of republican vice presidential nominee sarah palin , the john mccain campaign said wednesday .
east timorese president jose ramos-horta on thursday rejected reports that rebel leader alfredo reinado was executed rather than killed in a gunbattle with police .
gripping her skull to ease a constant pounding headache , lieu explains how she came to a decision that would have been unthinkable in vietnam just a few years ago -- to divorce her husband .
with its cobbled streets and medieval towers with names like `` fat margaret '' , the capital of estonia is an unlikely rival to las vegas but it has seen a casino boom that has brought cash and a darker side to the tiny country .
crude oil prices traded in a narrow range on thursday in asia after rebounding several dollars on the us government 's bailout of insurance giant american international group -lrb- aig -rrb- , dealers said .
a former supporter and generous donor to hillary clinton announced wednesday she had endorsed republican john mccain for president , saying she did so because the democratic nominee barack obama was too elitist .
philippine share prices plummeted #.## percent on thursday , pulled down by the financial turmoil in the united states , dealers said .
tzipi livni , the new leader of the centrist kadima party , announced thursday she wanted to form a new government `` as quickly as possible '' after her narrow victory over party rival shaul mofaz .
australia 's biggest investment bank , macquarie group , was hit by an ##.## percent plunge in its share price thursday as fresh shockwaves from financial instability in the united states rocked the market .
chinese share prices tumbled #.## percent by midday thursday as a selloff in banks and insurers deepened on growing concerns over the turmoil in global financial markets , dealers said .
south korean police said thursday they have seized beds and bathtubs weighing a total of ### tons during a crackdown on prostitution in the capital seoul .
us president george w. bush has canceled two domestic trips to stay in washington thursday and consult with top economic advisers on the struggling us economy , the white house said .
asian stock markets dropped sharply again thursday as the global financial crisis deepened on reports of trouble at more us banks , including wall street powerhouse morgan stanley .
bank of china said it had ###.# million dollars of exposure to lehman brothers as more chinese banks revealed on thursday how much the collapsed us titan could cost them .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni narrowly won a kadima party leadership vote , putting her on track to succeed scandal-plagued prime minister ehud olmert as head of the government , it was announced thursday .
secretary of state condoleezza rice was to deliver thursday what officials describe as a `` significant '' speech on us relations with russia , as us officials considered further steps against moscow for its actions in georgia .
global equity index compiler the financial times stock exchange -lrb- ftse -rrb- said thursday it would upgrade south korea to `` developed market '' status , a move which could attract billions more dollars in foreign investment .
the dollar fell further in asian trade thursday as the us bailout of insurer aig failed to quell market fears that more victims could emerge from the credit crisis , dealers said .
hong kong gold prices opened sharply higher on thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from wednesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
chinese share prices were sharply lower thursday morning as a selloff in banks and insurers deepened on growing concerns over the turmoil in global financial markets , dealers said .
hong kong shares were down #.## percent in early trade on thursday , as the global financial crisis deepened on reports of more trouble at us banks , including wall street stalwart morgan stanley .
australian shares fell #.# by midday thursday , tracking an overnight slide on wall street as a us government bailout of insurance giant aig failed to calm investors ' jitters .
slovenia 's outgoing prime minister janez jansa is hoping for a re-election on sunday , despite being plagued during his first term by election losses and allegations of corruption and media pressure .
slovenia goes to the polls sunday with a bribery scandal hanging over prime minister janez jansa and the opposition left showing unity in a bid to regain power after four years of centre-right rule .
cologne is bracing for violence this weekend as far-right supporters from all over europe gather for an `` anti-islamification congress '' and rally defending the continent against an `` immigrant invasion .
frustration mounted wednesday over delays in returning to galveston , the texas coastal city hard-hit by powerful hurricane ike over the weekend , as the death toll caused by the storm continued to rise .
the indonesian holiday isle of bali is up in arms over a new pornography bill which some say threatens hindu traditions and the bikini-clad tourism industry .
mexico on wednesday focused on possible drug gang involvement in deadly attacks on independence day celebrations that sparked fears that civilians were now targets in the country 's drug wars .
british prime minister gordon brown heads to his labor party 's annual conference saturday to battle a swelling revolt which could force him out of downing street after just over a year in office .
democrat barack obama ridiculed his white house rival john mccain wednesday as a lifelong member of the very `` old boys ' network '' that the republican said had driven the us economy into crisis .
taiwan shares opened down #.# percent on thursday as the global financial crisis deepened amid fears that more us financial institutions could go under , dealers said .
when edouard <unk> , ## , arrived at lehman brothers offices in london on monday he was hoping his move to the british capital would hail the start of a lucrative career in finance .
japanese share prices lost more than two percent in early trade thursday as a massive us bailout of insurance giant aig failed to calm a financial market storm .
south korean shares opened #.# percent lower thursday following wall street 's sharp overnight drop .
two us prisoners were among at least ## killed in a riot in a mexican prison in tijuana near the us border , a us embassy spokeswoman said here friday .
france on friday circulated a draft resolution in the security council urging states to deploy naval vessels and military aircraft to join in the fight against rampant piracy off the coast of lawless somalia .
around ### protestors threw rocks at police and broke windows friday at a demonstration in the southern swedish city of malmoe , which is currently playing host to the european social forum .
us president george w. bush may raise the financial crisis during his speech before the un general assembly next week , white house officials said friday .
guatemala 's vice president called his country a paradise for drug dealers with no laws , in comments to journalists friday , after it appeared on a us narcotics blacklist this week .
the dollar weakened against the euro friday after the us authorities pledged to forge a massive financial rescue plan that raised concerns about its cost .
global stock markets friday cheered us government moves to sooth financial turmoil and a pledge to tackle toxic debt in the us banking system at the root of the crisis .
democrat barack obama friday said his `` panicked '' white house rival john mccain was flailing at a time of financial crisis and said a government rescue for wall street must shield regular americans too .
russian prime minister vladimir putin and his french counterpart francois fillon insisted friday on direct ties between moscow and europe to guarantee stability in the region .
a ##-year-old briton who fled his country after he was convicted on paedophilia charges has been arrested in croatia , a judicial official said friday .
us defense secretary robert gates warned europe friday that it had gone too far in <unk> and should rebuild its defences at a time of uncertainty over russia 's intentions .
us authorities bolstered their arsenal friday to battle the financial market storm , readying a massive rescue plan worth hundreds of billions of dollars , fueling a powerful market rebound .
the united nations should set up a panel to investigate `` severe '' violations of human rights in nuclear-armed north korea , an expert group said in a report friday .
wall street roared higher friday as confidence was lifted by news of the us government 's broad assault on the financial crisis including a plan to save banks drowning in toxic mortgage debt .
starbucks stopped serving drinks with milk in many chinese outlets friday as a crisis over poisoned dairy products that have left four babies dead and thousands of others sick spiralled .
two members of the us house of representatives introduced a measure friday calling on the international olympic committee to strip russia of the #### winter olympics and designate a new host city .
wall street roared higher friday as confidence was lifted by news of the us government 's broad assault on the financial crisis including a plan to save banks drowning in toxic mortgage debt .
wall street roared higher friday as confidence was lifted by news of the us government 's broad assault on the financial crisis including a plan to save banks drowning in toxic mortgage debt .
the six powers leading negotiations over iran 's suspect nuclear program met here friday to hammer out new sanctions against tehran , complicated by tensions between moscow and the west .
us president george w. bush will urge russia to honor its commitment to fully withdraw troops from georgia during his un general assembly speech next week , a top white house official said friday .
the us government tapped a depression era fund for up to ## billion dollars friday to temporarily guarantee money market funds in a bid to stem a run on deposits that could further destabilize the battered financial sector .
negotiators for zimbabwe 's political leaders failed friday to agree on key ministries , with the main opposition saying it will not be `` mere accessories '' in another zanu-pf government .
the us federal reserve on friday pumped ## billion dollars into the stressed banking system in an additional short-term operation , seeking to ease tight credit ahead of the weekend .
us filmmaker woody allen , best known for such comedy classics as `` annie hall , '' says it will be no laughing matter if barack obama fails to win the race for the white house .
us president george w. bush will urge russia to honor its commitments to fully withdraw its troops from georgia during his un general assembly speech next week , a top white house official said friday .
democrat barack obama made an aggressive play for women voters friday , hammering his white house opponent john mccain friday for wanting to outlaw abortion and opposing equal pay laws .
north korea is moving closer to restarting its nuclear reactor but the bush administration is not about `` to throw in the towel '' on disarmament negotiations , the state department said friday .
us president george w. bush will meet palestinian president mahmud abbas in the white house on september ## , us officials said friday .
us president george w. bush will meet palestinian president mahmud abbas in the white house on september ## , us officials said friday .
music legend sir paul mccartney said on friday he hoped his upcoming concert in israel would spread a message of peace in the region .
the european union police force in bosnia urged citizens friday to use a telephone hotline to report crimes and help security forces in the balkan country .
children 's exposure to totalitarianism defined the second day of the san sebastian film festival friday with the screening of `` two-legged horse '' and `` the boy in the striped pyjamas .
oil and gold prices bounced higher this week as investors sought a safe haven while other commodities fell on fears that the financial crisis could sap global economic growth and dent demand .
the us government tapped a depression era fund friday for ## billion dollars to guarantee money market funds in a bid to stem a run on deposits that could further destabilize the battered financial sector .
the un general assembly is to debate serbia 's call for an opinion by the international court of justice on kosovo 's independence , a spokesman said friday .
nato may `` step up '' its planning and training to defend the ##-nation bloc 's territory , the alliance 's head said friday , amid tensions between the west and moscow over the recent georgia-russia conflict .
police in slovakia claimed friday their biggest-ever seizure of heroin -- nearly ## kilogrammes in total , with a street value of ### million korunas -lrb- #.# million euros , #.# million dollars -rrb- .
a leading nigerian private television station , banned after it reported that the president was considering resigning on health grounds , has been allowed back on air , regulatory authorities said friday .
democrat barack obama called friday for a globally coordinated financial rescue plan that puts the taxpayers on main street ahead of the imprudent investors on wall street .
france on friday raised the possibility of suspending international war crimes proceedings against sudanese president omar al-beshir in exchange for a `` gesture '' of good will from khartoum on darfur .
the european union on friday stressed its opposition to taiwan 's bid to join international organizations in its own right , two days after the united nations rejected its ##th membership bid .
the first glimpse of accused canadian terrorists in training , wearing camouflage parkas and trudging through snow and brush in canada 's cold wilderness has emerged in an internet video .
russia lashed out friday at a speech this week by us secretary of state condoleezza rice on the georgia conflict , saying she had `` grossly distorted '' the truth to advance us designs in russia 's backyard .
around ## african-americans heckled barack obama at a rally here friday , screaming chants and holding up placards accusing the white house hopeful of selling out the black community .
investors will be seeking stability on the london stock market in the coming days after one of the most volatile trading weeks in recent times .
the dollar reversed direction friday , turning weaker against the euro on concerns about the cost of new us government plans to aid the troubled banking sector .
workers in london 's canary wharf financial district breathed a collective sigh of relief friday as sunshine and resurgent stocks brought their roller-coaster week to an end .
british bank lloyds tsb , fresh from clinching the takeover of distressed rival hbos , said friday it would sell new shares totalling about #.# percent of its issued capital .
the nato military commander in afghanistan has ordered the nearly ##,### international soldiers in his force to refrain from attacking insurgents for ## hours over the un `` peace day '' on sunday .
russia lashed out friday at a speech this week by us secretary of state condoleezza rice on the georgia conflict , saying she had `` grossly distorted '' the truth to advance us designs in russia 's backyard .
around half the #,### prisoners who escaped worldwide in the past three years broke out of jails in afghanistan , where many of the escapees were `` terrorists '' , the interpol chief said friday .
foreign observers monitoring elections in swaziland expressed concerns friday over the exclusion of political parties in africa 's last absolute monarchy , as the banned opposition called it `` window-dressing .
uganda 's rebel lord 's resistance army on friday rejected claims it had launched deadly attacks in southern sudan , as attempts to secure a peace deal looked increasingly shaky .
canada is stepping up its military alertness along its northern frontier in response to russia 's `` testing '' of its boundaries and recent arctic grab , the prime minister said friday .
six afghan civilians and an international soldier were killed in extremist - linked unrest in afghanistan as president hamid karzai called friday for all sides to respect `` peace day '' this weekend .
a train and a bus collided in los angeles friday , leaving ## people injured , firefighters said , a week after a commuter rail crash killed ## people .
european stocks soared friday , driven by massive gains in the banks after the us government announced a plan to cordon off the debt and toxic investments at the heart of the global credit crunch .
norway said friday it would give zimbabwe ## million kroner -lrb- #.## million dollars , #.## million euros -rrb- in aid to help the country deal with a lack of food and clean drinking water and a cholera outbreak .
european stocks soared friday , driven by massive gains by banks after the us government announced a plan to cordon off the debt and toxic investments at the heart of the global credit crunch .
france could back a suspension of un war crimes proceedings against sudanese president omar al-beshir in exchange for a `` gesture '' from khartoum on darfur , the french presidency said friday .
portugal 's parliament approved legislation friday to create a so-called `` robin hood '' tax on profits earned by oil companies in order to help finance social services .
militants in southern nigeria claim to have destroyed a major oil pipeline belonging to royal dutch shell in the fifth attack on the company in less than a week as part of an `` oil war '' .
the maoist finance minister in the world 's newest republic unveiled a populist budget friday that aims to funnel cash to nepal 's impoverished villages and jump start the agricultural sector .
us authorities bolstered their arsenal friday to battle the financial market storm , readying a massive rescue plan worth hundreds of billions of dollars while unveiling other emergency actions .
russian shares soared friday , regaining much of the value they lost earlier this week , after the government injected tens of billions of dollars into the markets to stave off a financial massive crisis .
herewith excerpts from us president george w. bush 's statement at the white house on us authorities ' plan for a massive bailout of the crisis-ridden finance industry .
global markets surged friday as president george w. bush said he was ready to `` risk '' hundreds of billions of dollars to beat the financial crisis .
the world food programme said friday it had not bought any powdered milk from chinese companies implicated in a poisoning scandal that has killed four babies and left more than #,### ill .
around half the #,### prisoners who escaped worldwide in the past three years broke out of jails in afghanistan , where many of the escapees were `` terrorists '' , the interpol chief said friday .
a boeing ### belonging to low cost carrier norwegian with ### people on board made an emergency landing friday in trondheim in western norway but no one was injured , the airline said .
the international labor organisation on friday called for the immediate release of a myanmar trade unionist who is prominent in the fight against forced labor in the reclusive dictatorship .
uganda 's rebel lord 's resistance army on friday rejected claims it had launched deadly attacks in southern sudan , as attempts to secure a peace deal looked increasingly shaky .
henry ziegler steinway , the last member of the family to have had a role in running the legendary <unk> business , has died , reports said friday .
niger 's largest radio and television group <unk> began broadcasting again friday after the end of a month-long suspension for allegedly not conforming to regulations .
four in five high-speed eurostar trains will be up and running again from monday , but passengers could still face delays to their cross-channel journey , the company said .
starbucks stopped serving drinks with milk in many chinese outlets friday as a crisis over poisoned dairy products that have left four babies dead and thousands of others sick spiralled .
negotiators for zimbabwe 's political leaders failed friday to agree on key ministries , with the main opposition saying it will not be `` mere accessories '' in another zanu-pf government .
oil prices rose for a third day running on friday , briefly surpassing ### dollars a barrel at the end of an extremely volatile week for financial markets .
us authorities bolstered their arsenal friday to battle the financial market storm , readying a massive rescue plan worth hundreds of billions of dollars along with other emergency steps .
us secretary of defense robert gates and his czech counterpart signed an agreement friday clearing the way for stationing us forces to operate a missile defense radar in the czech republic .
central banks redoubled efforts friday to get the global financial system through its worst crisis in decades , adding to the hundreds of billions of dollars already injected into markets this week .
prosecutors investigating an alleged plot to bomb barcelona 's public transport system want to add a video claiming responsibility for the plan to their dossier , the prosecution said friday .
foreign minister tzipi livni sought on friday to restore unity within israel 's governing kadima party as new rifts emerged in the wake of her narrow victory in the party 's leadership election .
senegal will start legal proceedings against a french judge who issued international arrest warrants for nine senegalese officials over the #### joola ferry disaster , government lawyers said friday .
a greek tourist island has threatened to block patrol boats escorting clandestine immigrants from docking there , saying it was overwhelmed by an influx of clandestine migrants , officials said friday .
dozens of fishing boats remained moored friday at the seychelles capital victoria , fearing to venture into the indian ocean where somali pirates have intensified attacks on vessels , officials said .
indian shares are likely to remain choppy next week , tracking global financial markets , which have been sharply volatile in the aftermath of the lehman brothers bankruptcy .
british prime minister gordon brown voiced opposition friday to us strikes against islamic militants in pakistan but said the two sides were close to reaching a deal on the issue .
embattled british prime minister gordon brown said the current economic crisis was `` not the time for faint hearts '' friday , as he tried to fend off a rebellion ahead of his party 's annual conference .
a senior us official called friday for solidarity between the european union and the united states to confront russia 's military surge in georgia and consider moves to isolate moscow .
a group of european economists friday called on rich donor countries to resist `` aid fatigue '' or risk failing to meet the un millenium development goals for global poverty reduction .
`` the class , '' a film shot in a rough paris school that won the top prize at cannes this year , has been chosen as france 's entry for the #### foreign film oscar , the selection committee said friday .
the four basque nationalist parties , including the region 's ruling party , launched a petition friday calling for a referendum on the basque people 's right to self-determination .
a row between vietnam 's communist regime and the country 's catholic community deepened friday when authorities began building a public park on land claimed by the church .
global stock markets soared on friday , driven higher by massive gains in the banks as governments worldwide stepped up their fight against the worst financial crisis in decades , traders said .
the world health organisation on friday angrily denounced `` bogus , untested , and false '' claims that it endorses so-called electronic cigarettes as a means to stop smoking .
china said friday it had lodged a challenge against the united states at the world trade organization over anti-dumping measures by the us on some steel pipes , tyres and laminated woven sacks .
senegal will start legal proceedings against a french judge who issued international arrest warrants for nine senegalese officials over the #### joola ferry disaster , government lawyers said friday .
a senior russian diplomat said on friday there was no possibility of a war with the united states and the european union should guarantee security in georgia .
here is a summary of key developments on friday in the world financial crisis .
the head of ivory coast 's electoral committee excludes any delays in the long awaited elections in the west african country `` for now '' , he told journalists late thursday .
the us securities and exchange commission on friday temporarily banned short selling of shares in certain companies in emergency action aimed at boosting investor confidence amid financial turmoil .
the vatican on friday focused its annual address to muslims to mark the end of ramadan on the joint defense of `` family dignity .
us president george w. bush was due to make a statement on the financial crisis friday at ##:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , the white house announced .
us authorities bolstered their arsenal friday to battle the financial market conflagration , offering fresh guarantees to stem a run on deposits and new rules to curb stock market speculators .
nato ministers grappled friday with how to respond to what it said was russia 's aggression in georgia , as moscow accused the alliance of triggering last month 's conflict .
turkey and russia have signed a deal to resolve a row over russian customs that have hit turkish exports , a minister was quoted by the anatolia news agency as saying friday .
switzerland 's stock exchange swx on friday said it had banned so-called ` naked ' or uncovered short selling that aims to profit from falling share prices .
italian airline alitalia canceled flights friday and regulators said they might soon ground the troubled flag-carrier as it hurtles toward bankruptcy after the failure of another rescue plan .
us president george w. bush was due to make a statement on the financial crisis friday at ##:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , the white house announced .
twenty people were wounded in clashes during fresh protests against indian rule in kashmir on friday , ending a week of calm in the insurgency-hit region , police and residents said .
hong kong said friday it will introduce a law against excess melamine in food amid a growing scandal over chinese dairy products containing the potentially life-threatening chemical .
foreign minister tzipi livni sought on friday to restore unity within israel 's governing kadima party as new rifts emerged in the wake of her narrow victory in the party 's leadership election .
the us treasury said friday it would guarantee us money market funds to stem a run on deposits that could further destabilize the battered financial sector .
swaziland 's banned political groups on friday condemned the kingdom 's political system as africa 's last absolute monarchy went to the poll .
central banks redoubled efforts friday to get the global financial system through the worst financial crisis in decades , raising the volume of injections this week close to around ### billion dollars .
indian shares surged #.## percent friday , as markets across asia rallied on news the us government and world central banks were to aid ailing banks and keep the global financial crisis from deepening .
the cambodian government on friday demanded to see complaints detailing corruption by the un-backed khmer rouge genocide court so that it can investigate .
starbucks stopped serving drinks with milk in many chinese outlets friday as a crisis over poisoned dairy products that have left four babies dead and thousands of others sick spiralled .
thai share prices closed #.## percent higher on friday as investors welcomed plans initiated by the us federal reserve to curb financial turmoil in the global financial sector , dealers said .
the us securities and exchange commission said friday it had banned the short selling of shares in certain companies in a bid to help crisis-ridden stock markets .
oil prices rose for a third day running on friday , again surpassing ### dollars a barrel , at the end of an extremely volatile week for financial markets .
militants in southern nigeria claim to have destroyed a major oil pipeline belonging to royal dutch shell in the fifth attack on the company in less than a week as part of an `` oil war .
the us treasury said friday it would guarantee us money market funds up to an amount of ## billion dollars in order to ensure their solvency in another move to shore up the financial sector .
the international rice research institute on friday called for sustained global re-investment in agriculture to cut soaring food prices that it said have made ## million more people hungry .
yemeni president ali abdullah saleh vowed to track down the perpetrators of a deadly attack on the us embassy in sanaa and bring them to justice , in remarks reported friday .
former un chief kofi annan , who brokered an end to kenya 's worst political crisis , on friday defended a controversial report on the disputed #### polls and urged all to follow its recommendations .
indian police shot dead two alleged islamic militants during a fierce gun battle in a muslim area of new delhi friday , including a leader of a shadowy group behind a spate of deadly bombings .
the united nations refugee agency on friday said it would repatriate almost half of the ##,### sudanese <unk> in ethiopia by next year .
the world health organisation warned friday that so-called `` electronic cigarettes '' , which claim to be a nicotine replacement therapy , could in fact prove highly poisonous .
global equity markets soared on friday , lifted by mammoth share price gains for banks , as governments worldwide stepped up their fight against the worst financial crisis in decades , traders said .
global shares and the dollar leapt friday as confidence returned with a drive to create a us debt clearance mechanism , more central bank support and a ban on betting on a crash .
germany was reticent friday on us and french calls for new united nations sanctions to press iran to comply with demands for halting contested nuclear work .
the bank of england on friday offered to lend an additional ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- to financial institutions struggling to obtain funds amid a worldwide squeeze on credit .
the us-born financial crisis has given a new impetus to european efforts to step up oversight of the sector as europe struggles not to gloat over washington 's resorting to state intervention .
president dmitry medvedev on friday accused nato of sparking the conflict in georgia last month and said russia would not be pushed behind a new `` iron curtain , '' russian news agencies reported .
hong kong said friday it will introduce a law against excess melamine in food , amid a growing scandal over chinese dairy products containing the potentially life-threatening chemical .
the american military confirmed bombing a house near executed iraqi president saddam hussein 's hometown of tikrit on friday but said the target was an al - qaeda operative and not the women inside .
the united nations children 's fund -lrb- unicef -rrb- said friday around half a million women die each year from complications in childbirth and ## million more suffer life-long disabilities , while the issue of maternal mortality does not get the attention it deserves .
the european commission has asked eu nations to be on the look out for any chinese milk products entering the bloc , even though none is officially imported , amid a contaminated milk crisis in china .
some ##,### anti-globalisation protesters are set to march in sweden on saturday in what is expected to be one of the biggest demonstrations ever held in the scandinavian country , organisers and police said .
two-thirds of china 's starbucks outlets stopped serving milk on friday after one of the coffee chain 's main suppliers was linked to a contaminated dairy product scandal , the company said .
australia 's national airline qantas on friday took delivery of the first of the ## airbus a### superjumbos it has ordered and said it might buy more of the double-decker planes .
a british teenager was sentenced to two years in a young offenders institution friday , after becoming the youngest person in britain to be convicted on terrorism charges .
asian stocks surged friday following a rebound on wall street as the us government and the world 's central banks moved to put the brakes on the global financial crisis .
the un 's children agency unicef on friday asked the chinese authorities to launch `` a full investigation '' after four babies were killed due to melamine contamination in their milk .
starbucks stopped serving milk in many of its chinese outlets on friday as a crisis over poisoned dairy products that have left four babies dead and thousands of others sick spiralled .
prime minister gordon brown said friday that britain was acting decisively to help calm the global financial crisis , as markets rallied on a us government promise to rescue wall street .
the us securities and exchange commission said friday it had banned the short selling of shares in a bid to help crisis-ridden stock markets .
indonesian shares should strengthen in volatile trade next week on the back of bargain hunting in commodity stocks , dealers said .
a cambodian court friday charged a us man with paying to have sex with a ## - year-old girl , officials said .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher on friday in the fastest one-day rise in nearly seven years after the government abolished a tax on buying shares to boost the market , dealers said .
a british teenager was sentenced to two years in a young offenders institution friday , after becoming the youngest person in britain to be convicted on terrorism charges .
indian shares surged #.## percent friday , as markets across asia rallied on news the us government and world central banks were to aid ailing banks and keep the global financial crisis from deepening .
russian deputy foreign minister alexander yakovenko said on friday there was no possibility of a war with the united states and the european union should guarantee security in georgia .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- pumped ## billion dollars into distressed money markets friday in its latest attempt together with other central banks to provide desperately needed liquidity .
at least ## tamil tigers and ## sri lankan troops have died in fresh battles around the rebels ' main base and elsewhere in the north of the island , the defense ministry said friday .
italian airline alitalia friday canceled ## flights as it hurtled towards bankruptcy after a consortium dropped plans to save the flag-carrier as unions refused the lifeline over proposed layoffs .
foreign observers monitoring elections in swaziland on friday expressed concerns over the exclusion of political parties in africa 's last absolute monarchy .
thai share prices closed #.## percent higher on friday as investors welcomed plans initiated by the us federal reserve to curb financial turmoil in the global financial sector , dealers said .
thousands of muslims in indian kashmir held fresh demonstrations against indian rule friday , ending a week of calm in the insurgency-hit region , police and residents said .
indonesian shares jumped #.# percent higher friday , boosted by a firmer rupiah and an overnight rally on wall street , dealers said .
a series of contracts awarded by kurdish leaders is blocking the passage of a national oil law , prompting baghdad to use saddam hussein era rules for new deals , oil minister hussein al-shahristani said .
malaysian share prices surged #.# percent higher friday driven by an overnight recovery on wall street as investors bought into bluechips , dealers said .
the us securities and exchange commission said friday it had banned the short selling of shares in a bid to help crisis-ridden stock markets .
hong kong shares closed up #.# percent friday as markets across asia rallied on news the united states would throw banks a lifeline to deal with bad debts behind the global financial crisis .
russian deputy foreign minister alexander yakovenko said on friday there was no possibility of a war with the united states and russia wants the european union to guarantee security in georgia .
oil prices rose for a third day running on friday , nearing ### dollars a barrel , at the end of an extremely volatile week for financial markets .
indonesian shares jumped #.# percent higher friday , boosted by a firmer rupiah and an overnight rally on wall street , dealers said .
japan 's toshiba corp. said friday it expected to go in to the red for the first half of the financial year as its computer chip business is hit by lower prices and weak demand .
russian prime minister vladimir putin on friday rejected the prospect of a new cold war with the west and said russia wanted further integration into the world economy .
an opposition politician held for a week in solitary confinement under controversial security laws spoke of her relief as she was freed on friday .
a leading overseas fund for chinese investors guaranteed by lehman brothers promised friday to pay back its clients ' principal despite the us investment bank 's collapse .
malaysian share prices surged #.# percent higher friday driven by an overnight recovery on wall street as investors bought into bluechips , dealers said .
global equity markets soared on friday , lifted by mammoth share price gains for banks , as governments worldwide stepped up their fight against the worst financial crisis in decades , traders said .
two thirds of china 's starbucks outlets stopped serving milk on friday after one of the coffee chain 's main suppliers was linked to a contaminated dairy product scandal , the company said .
foreign minister tzipi livni sought on friday to restore unity within israel 's governing kadima party as new rifts emerged in the wake of her narrow victory in the party 's leadership election .
two thirds of china 's starbucks outlets stopped serving milk on friday after one of the coffee chain 's main suppliers was linked to a contaminated dairy product scandal , the company said .
the largest salvador dali exhibition outside spain opens saturday in istanbul with ### works by the catalan surrealist and photos , movies and manuscripts shedding light on his life and artistic journey .
a us government promise to rescue wall street from its debt crisis and global central bank intervention spurred a mass market rally on friday though questions remained about big name banks .
north korea said friday it no longer wants to be dropped from a us terrorism blacklist and will rebuild its atomic reactor following a deadlock in an international nuclear disarmament deal .
british prime minister gordon brown reiterated support for georgia friday as nato defense ministers resumed talks aimed at agreeing how to respond to russia 's invasion of its ex-soviet neighbor .
us and european consumer protection officials pledged friday to step up product safety efforts in china , following a major scare over dairy products .
russian shares rocketed on friday after highly volatile trading following an injection of billions of dollars by the government aimed at staving off a massive financial crisis .
taiwan share prices are expected to benefit from improved sentiment after the us government announced a rescue package to take on the worst financial crisis in decades , dealers said friday .
russian prime minister vladimir putin on friday rejected the prospect of a new cold war with the west and said russia wanted further integration into the world economy .
philippine mining officials on friday expressed concern that the us financial crisis could affect funding as the country ramps up its mining activities .
north korea said friday it no longer wants to be dropped from a us terrorism blacklist and would restart its nuclear reactor following a deadlock in an international disarmament deal .
ireland banned the short-selling of the country 's main financial stocks from friday following similar moves in the united states and britain , a statement by the country financial regulator said .
hong kong shares closed up #.# percent friday as markets across asia rallied on news the united states would throw banks a lifeline to deal with bad debts behind the global financial crisis .
russian stock prices surged friday following a brief suspension in trading , with the ruble-denominated micex exchange climbing ## percent and the us dollar - denominated rts market up ##.# percent in early trading , market websites showed .
the world 's largest particle collider was running again friday after an electrical fault forced it to stop just days after being launched to global fanfare , the european organisation for nuclear research -lrb- cern -rrb- said .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- launched a three-day tender offer for ## billion dollars friday to pump more liquidity into distressed money markets in coordinated action with other central banks .
chinese store shelves were emptied of some of the country 's most popular dairy brands friday , as shoppers vented their fury amid a snowballing crisis over the poisoning of the nation 's milk supplies .
venezuela expelled two human rights watch representatives late thursday , hours after the us-based group released a report accusing president hugo chavez of weakening democracy and the rule of law .
foreign minister tzipi livni sought on friday to restore unity within israel 's governing kadima party as new rifts emerged in the wake of her narrow victory in the party 's leadership election .
thai premier somchai wongsawat inspected his new offices friday at an abandoned airport terminal where he is moving the seat of government to avoid protesters trying to force him from power .
the bank of england on friday loaned an additional ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- , as planned , to financial institutions struggling to obtain funds amid a worldwide squeeze on credit .
democratic white house contender barack obama has reversed a republican surge in national polls for the presidential election swayed by the financial crisis and signs that sarah palin 's star may be dimming .
russian stock trading was suspended friday as prices raced upwards minutes after opening in highly volatile action following a robust state cash injection and kremlin pledges of market support .
new zealand share prices closed up #.## percent friday , driven by an offshore recovery with many serious buyers sitting on the sidelines , dealers said .
oil traded higher in asia friday after the united states said it was preparing a plan to address bad assets at the root of a global financial crisis , analysts said .
a texas prosecutor plans to review some ## pending death penalty cases , after several recent instances in which capital convictions were overturned by dna testing .
india 's government has warned hindu nationalist authorities in a southern state to halt attacks against churches , the federal home ministry said friday .
three executives dubbed `` germany 's <unk> bankers '' in the press have been suspended from state bank kfw over erroneous transfers of more than ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- to the bankrupt lehman brothers , the kfw said .
gold prices have surged this week as the precious metal profits from its status as a safe haven in times of economic turmoil .
in the close fight for the white house every vote counts -- and democrat barack obama and republican john mccain are trying to reach hispanic voters by airing commercials on spanish-language us media .
shares in australia 's biggest investment bank , macquarie , rebounded ##.# percent friday after the us and the world 's central banks took action to keep the global financial crisis from deepening .
nato defense ministers on friday resumed informal talks in london , overshadowed by the impact of russia 's military action in georgia on the bloc 's relations with moscow .
swiss shares soared in opening trade friday , tracking gains in wall street and asia as investors cheered plans by the us government to end the world financial crisis .
japan 's toshiba corp. said friday it expected to go in to the red for the first half of the financial year as its computer chip business is hit by weak demand .
trading was suspended friday on russian stock markets when share prices soared minutes after the exchanges opened following a massive russian government rescue plan , market officials said .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher on friday after the government abolished a stamp tax on buying shares in a bid to boost the market , dealers said .
former un chief kofi annan , who brokered an end to kenya 's worst political crisis , urged all parties friday to implement the recommendations of a report on the disputed december presidential poll .
stock markets across the nordic region skyrocketed friday on news that the us government was looking to create a new body to rescue troubled financial firms and end the recent turmoil .
the leading french cac-## stock index shot up #.## percent to #,###.## points at the start of trading on friday following fresh action by the us government to end the world financial crisis .
the families of south koreans killed in a cambodian plane crash last year have sued the airline for #.# million dollars , a court said friday .
japan 's toshiba corp. said friday it expected to go in to the red for the first half of the financial year as its computer chip business deteriorates .
trading was suspended friday on russian stock markets when share prices soared minutes after the exchanges opened following a massive russian government rescue plan , market officials said .
the leading french cac-## stock index shot up #.## percent to #,###.## points at the start of trading on friday following fresh action by the us government to end the world financial crisis .
europe 's main stock markets soared early on friday in the wake of massive gains across asia and on wall street overnight as world governments took action to tackle the global financial crisis .
banking stocks in frankfurt soared on friday as the dax moved higher on news that washington is looking to create a new body to rescue troubled financial firms and end the recent turmoil .
new zealand share prices closed up #.## percent friday , driven by an offshore recovery with many serious buyers sitting on the sidelines , dealers said .
hong kong 's two biggest supermarket chains on friday pulled all products made by chinese dairy giant mengniu from their shelves after they were found to be tainted with a dangerous chemical .
frankfurt 's dax ## opened #.## percent higher on friday on news that the us government was looking to create a new body to rescue troubled financial firms and end the recent turmoil .
london 's ftse ### index of leading shares surged by #.## percent to #,###.## points soon after the start of trading friday in the wake of massive gains across asia and on wall street overnight .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher on friday after the government abolished a stamp tax on buying shares , dealers said .
russian stocks posted rapid gains friday in early trading as markets reopened after three days of suspensions and a government rescue plan of tens of billions of dollars to prevent a meltdown .
three people have been killed in fresh separatist violence in thailand 's muslim - majority south , while an elementary school was burned to the ground , police said friday .
south korean shares closed #.# percent higher friday following an overnight recovery on wall street .
trading resumed on the russian stock market on friday after three days of suspensions with both the rts and micex indexes showing early gains , the websites of the exchanges showed .
taiwan shares closed up #.## percent friday after a wall street rally as the us government announced plans for a rescue package to clear up banks ' bad loans amid financial turmoil , dealers said .
a man on death row in texas for ## years for the murder of a young girl has been exonerated after dna tests , the death penalty information center -lrb- <unk> -rrb- reported thursday .
australian shares rebounded to close up #.# percent friday after the world 's central banks took action to keep the global financial crisis from deepening , dealers said .
the united states said thursday it was putting together a rescue plan to clear away the mountains of bad debt that have weighed down banks and set off the worst financial crisis in decades .
the dollar jumped against the yen and euro in asia on friday as stocks rebounded on hopes of a new us government plan to rescue troubled financial firms , traders said .
trading was to resume friday on russia 's battered stock market after the government put up tens of billions of dollars in liquidity during three days of suspensions to prevent a meltdown .
voters lined up friday to cast their ballot in africa 's last absolute monarchy swaziland to elect lawmakers under a rewritten constitution which still bars political parties .
the ailing wife of former taiwanese president chen shui-bian was again absent from court friday after collapsing at the start of her trial on graft charges nearly two years ago .
philippine share prices rose #.## percent on friday , in line with other foreign markets after the us government unveiled a plan to deal with the debt crisis , dealers said .
chinese prime minister wen jiabao will detail proposals on how to realize goals on global poverty alleviation when he attends a un development summit in new york next week , a top official said friday .
indian shares surged #.## percent in early trade friday , reacting to a wall street rebound as us authorities said they planned to set up a new government entity to rescue troubled financial firms .
the international monetary fund has approved a ##-million-dollar -lrb- ##-million - euro -rrb- loan to war-battered djibouti , a statement said late thursday .
taiwan shares closed up #.## percent friday after a wall street rally as the us government announced plans for a rescue package to clear up banks ' bad loans amid financial turmoil , dealers said .
at least ## people were killed and ## others injured friday when a bus careered off a mountain highway in nepal , police said .
voting began friday in africa 's last absolute monarchy swaziland to elect lawmakers under a rewritten constitution , <unk> allows for freedom of association but still bars political parties .
the nato-led force said it would investigate with afghan authorities claims that its soldiers may have killed three afghans , including a district chief , after mistaking them for taliban .
china 's bank of communications said friday it held ##.## million dollars of bonds issued by lehman brothers , as it became the latest chinese lender to reveal its exposure to the collapsed us titan .
a headmistress of an indian primary school locked ### pupils in a classroom for ## hours without food or water because she found money was missing from her bag , a report said friday .
chinese supermarkets and shops pulled milk and a wide range of other dairy products off their shelves friday as a sweeping recall of goods tainted with a dangerous chemical hit full gear .
the australian military said friday it would investigate whether its soldiers accidentally killed an afghan district governor and several others during a firefight in a former taliban stronghold .
philippine share prices rose #.## percent on friday , in line with other foreign markets after the us government unveiled a plan to deal with the debt crisis , dealers said .
hong kong shares were up #.# percent at noon friday , rallying after a wall street rebound as us authorities announced plans to help banks cope with bad debts that have roiled world markets .
south korea 's largest carmaker hyundai motor said friday it would build its first south american auto plant in brazil as part of its drive to go global .
the government of us president george w. bush views with `` grave concern '' malaysia 's use of its tough internal security act -lrb- isa -rrb- as a possible way to stifle dissent , the state department said thursday .
the united states said thursday it was putting together a rescue plan to clear away the mountains of bad debt that have weighed down banks and caused the worst financial crisis in decades .
the ads promoting `` malaysia : truly asia '' aim to welcome visitors with a warm smile to a prosperous and modern nation , so the taxi fleet branded `` the worst in the world '' can come as a bit of a shock .
before lana <unk> does the week 's shopping , she likes to stop off at the self - service place in her washington neighborhood for a top-up .
the ailing wife of former taiwanese president chen shui-bian was again absent from court friday after collapsing at the start of her trial on graft charges nearly two years ago .
chinese share prices rose sharply by midday friday , soaring #.## percent after the government abolished a stamp tax on buying shares , dealers said .
world oil prices were mixed in asia friday in a market focussed on global financial turmoil after us officials met to discuss a plan for addressing bad assets at the root of a world credit crisis , analysts said .
from long-running successes like `` house '' to newcomer smash hit `` mad men , '' the stars of us television convene sunday for the ##th annual emmy awards , the small-screen equivalent of the oscars .
he 's had a few beers , many probably , but when mike <unk> gazes at yankee stadium and declares the end of history , he 's talking sober .
there are few places left in europe where you can still enjoy a cigarette and a tipple but the huge beer tents of the ###th annual oktoberfest starting in munich saturday are one of them .
reports that north korean leader kim jong-il is seriously ill are incorrect and intended to damage relations with south korea , a pyongyang official said friday .
chinese share prices opened sharply higher friday morning , soaring more than nine percent after the government abolished a stamp tax on buying shares , dealers said .
hong kong shares opened up #.# percent on friday , rallying after a wall street rebound as us authorities announced plans to help banks cope with the bad debts that have roiled world markets .
australian share prices were up #.# percent at noon -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- friday , with investor sentiment boosted by a rally on wall street overnight .
fierce fighting broke out as sri lankan troops tried to move into the tamil tigers ' mini-state in the north , with ## rebels and three soldiers killed , the defense ministry said friday .
a mobile telephone tailored to run on google 's android software is to debut next week in new york city .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from thursday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
chinese share prices opened sharply higher friday morning , soaring more than eight percent after the government abolished a stamp tax on buying shares , dealers said .
taiwan share prices opened sharply higher friday as buying was encouraged by a wall street rally overnight , dealers said .
tamil tigers were once regarded one of the world 's most ruthlessly efficient rebels , but they risk losing their mini-state as sri lankan forces make a determined push after decades of bloodshed .
a judge in la paz on thursday ordered pando state governor leopoldo fernandez jailed as he awaits trial on accusations of inciting unrest that led to the deaths of ## pro-government demonstrators .
a new entity reportedly being mulled by us officials to rescue troubled financial institutions has a precedent -- the resolution trust corporation -lrb- <unk> -rrb- set up amid the ####s savings and loans crisis .
us officials from the treasury , federal reserve and congress met thursday to discuss a `` comprehensive approach '' to rid financial institutions of bad assets at the root of the current credit crisis , treasury secretary henry paulson said .
white house hopeful barack obama reversed a republican surge and bounded into the lead thursday in national polls swayed by the financial crisis and signs that sarah palin 's star may be dimming .
shares in australia 's biggest investment bank , macquarie group , rebounded in early trade friday after being hit hard on fears the global credit crunch could hurt its ability to refinance debt .
the dollar jumped against the yen and euro in asia on friday as stocks rebounded on hopes of a new us government plan to rescue troubled financial firms , traders said .
a judge in la paz on thursday ordered pando state governor leopoldo fernandez jailed as he awaits trial on accusations of inciting unrest that led to the deaths of ## pro-government demonstrators .
south korean shares were #.## percent higher in early trading friday following wall street 's overnight advance on hopes of an end to global financial turmoil .
officials from the us treasury , federal reserve and congress met thursday to discuss a `` comprehensive approach '' to rid banks of bad assets at the root of the current financial crisis , treasury secretary henry paulson said .
the mexican army seized ##.# million dollars from a house in northwestern sinaloa state in the second largest cash haul in the country 's history , a defense ministry official said thursday .
japanese share prices opened up #.## percent friday following an overnight rebound on wall street after concerted action by the world 's central banks and talks on measures to rescue troubled financial firms , dealers said .
officials from the us treasury , federal reserve and congress met thursday to discuss a `` comprehensive approach '' to rid banks of bad assets at the root of the current financial crisis , treasury secretary henry paulson said .
new zealand 's current account deficit worsened to #.## billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion us -rrb- in the june quarter , largely as a result of rising import costs , particularly fuel , officials said friday .
australian share prices were up #.# percent minutes after the market opened friday , with investor sentiment boosted by a rally on wall street overnight .
japanese share prices opened up #.## percent friday following an overnight rebound on wall street after concerted action by the world 's central banks and talks on measures to rescue troubled financial firms , dealers said .
the british embassy in sanaa has been closed until security at the building has been improved in the wake of a rebel attack on the us mission , which killed ## people .
the us treasury late saturday unveiled details of the government 's unprecedented ###-billion-dollar bailout plan for the us financial sector .
a moderate #.#-magnitude earthquake rattled the tokyo region on sunday , the japan meteorological agency said .
the us treasury late saturday unveiled details of the government 's unprecedented ###-billion-dollar bailout plan for the us financial sector .
the white house rivals saturday gave qualified welcomes to a huge government bailout of wall street , driving home their own ideas to bring relief to both busted financiers and `` main street .
the united states on saturday condemned the massive bombing of a pakistan hotel that left at least ## people dead , including one american , and expressed support for the country 's government .
un secretary general ban ki-moon on saturday condemned the suicide attack on the marriott hotel in the pakistani capital that killed at least ## people and wounded ### .
divers defied the murky waters of the river thames on saturday to recover priceless medals for a british war hero after he feared they were lost forever .
john mccain on saturday said he `` encourages '' us administration officials and lawmakers to consider his own bailout proposal as they engaged in talks on a ### - billion-dollar financial sector rescue plan .
senior us officials and lawmakers on saturday huddled over an unprecedented ### - billion-dollar plan to rescue the financial sector from the worst crisis since the great depression .
a suicide bomber detonated a truck packed with explosives at the marriott hotel in islamabad on saturday , killing at least ## people in a brazen attack in the heart of the pakistan capital .
a suicide bomber detonated a truck packed with explosives at the marriott hotel in islamabad on saturday , killing at least ## people in a brazen attack in the heart of the pakistan capital .
pakistani president asif ali zardari on sunday called terrorism a cancer that the government is determined to eliminate after a suicide attack on the marriott hotel killed at least ## people .
the united states on saturday condemned the massive bombing of a pakistan hotel that left at least ## people dead , including one american , and expressed support for the country 's government .
south african president thabo mbeki will address the nation after a special cabinet meeting sunday , the government said , after mbeki said he would accept calls for his resignation .
british prime minister gordon brown came out fighting saturday at the labor party conference , pledging `` whatever it takes '' to tackle the financial crisis despite a budding rebellion against him .
a pilot flew a lone message of dissent against barack obama 's tax plans as a sea of people turned out here to support the democratic presidential hopeful at an open-air rally saturday .
a suicide bomber detonated a truck packed with explosives at the marriott hotel in islamabad on saturday , killing at least ## people in a brazen attack in the heart of the pakistan capital .
german police said tens of thousands of cologne residents took to the streets saturday in protest at an `` <unk> '' conference of european far-right leaders .
belarus president alexander lukashenko threatened saturday to break off all dialogue with the west if it fails to recognize a september parliamentary vote as democratic , his press service said .
the united states on saturday condemned the massive bombing of a pakistan hotel that left at least ## people dead , including one american , and expressed support for the country 's government .
the streets outside islamabad 's marriott hotel were littered with bodies and burned-out vehicles , while weeping survivors in blood-soaked clothes searched for friends and relatives .
british foreign secretary david miliband said saturday the bombing of an islamabad hotel was a `` disgraceful '' attack which reinforces britain 's resolve to fight violent extremism with pakistan .
pakistan president asif ali zardari vowed saturday to `` continue to fight terrorism and extremism '' after a suicide bomb blast at the marriott hotel in the capital killed at least ## people .
thabo mbeki will resign as south africa 's president , his spokesman said saturday , after the governing african national congress told him to stand down in the interests of anc unity .
us administration officials and lawmakers held urgent negotiations saturday on an unprecedented ###-billion-dollar plan to rescue the financial sector from the worst crisis since the great depression .
an extra ### police officers have been sent to the southern italian region of <unk> , after six africans were shot dead in what is thought to have been a mafia-related killing , ansa reported saturday .
a suicide bomber detonated a truck packed with explosives at the marriott hotel in islamabad on saturday , killing at least ## people in a brazen attack in the heart of the pakistan capital .
south african president thabo mbeki will address the nation after a special cabinet meeting sunday , the government said , after mbeki on saturday said he would accept calls for his resignation .
the british embassy in sanna has been closed until security at the building has been improved in the wake of a rebel attack on the us mission , which killed ## people .
despair stalked the san sebastian international film festival on saturday , or more precisely two of its featured offerings .
at least ## people were killed in a suicide truck bombing at the marriott hotel in the pakistan capital on saturday , and many others were believed trapped inside the burning building , police said .
an apparent suicide attack at the marriott hotel in islamabad killed more than ## people saturday in the latest carnage in pakistan .
thirty people were injured in fresh clashes in kashmir during an anti-india protest strike that shut shops , schools and offices saturday in the latest trouble to hit the scenic region .
jacob zuma , south africa 's ruling party chief , is the ultimate comeback kid -- having defied graft charges , he is inching ever closer to the presidency now that his arch rival president thabo mbeki is set to resign .
at least ## people were injured , two critically , in a powerful explosion saturday in india 's restive northeastern assam state , officials said .
police launched an intense search across the indian capital saturday for two suspected islamic extremists who escaped during a dramatic gunbattle in which two militants and a police officer died .
at least ## people were killed in a massive car bombing at the marriott hotel in the pakistan capital islamabad on saturday and many people are trapped inside the burning building , police said .
president george w. bush 's administration has proposed a ###-billion-dollar bailout of the troubled financial sector over a two-year period , according to a draft proposal sent to congress and released saturday .
us congressional leaders rushed to tackle saturday an unprecedented ###-billion - dollar plan to rescue the financial sector from the worst crisis since the great depression .
thousands of people were evacuated and at least ## swept away in eastern orissa state after four rivers burst their banks and inundated scores of villages , officials said saturday .
thabo mbeki will resign as south africa 's president , his spokesman said saturday , after the governing african national congress told him to stand down in the interests of anc unity .
gordon brown faces the fight of his life at the labor party conference from saturday to quell a revolt which could topple him and prove he can lead britain through global economic turmoil .
president george w. bush 's administration has proposed a ###-billion-dollar bailout of the troubled financial sector over a two-year period , according to a draft proposal sent to congress and released saturday .
three international soldiers and two afghan civilians were killed saturday when bombs struck patrols in separate incidents in afghanistan , the international military forces said .
south africa 's african national congress , which called on president thabo mbeki to step down on saturday , championed the campaign against apartheid before becoming the country 's ruling party .
russia said saturday it had rejected us proposals for new un security council measures against iran over its suspect nuclear program amid deteriorating ties between moscow and washington .
thabo mbeki will resign as south africa 's president , his spokesman said saturday , after the governing african national congress told him to stand down in the interests of anc unity .
former blink ### drummer travis barker and hollywood music spinner d.j. am were critically injured in a south carolina plane crash that left four others dead , authorities said saturday .
ukrainian president viktor yushchenko on saturday accused prime minister yulia tymoshenko of treason , sharpening a war of words that this week brought down the country 's ruling coalition .
slovak prime minister robert fico on saturday criticised private pension funds , claiming they are too risky for savers , especially in the current global financial crisis .
former blink ### drummer travis barker and hollywood music spinner d.j. am were critically injured in a south carolina plane crash that left four others dead , cnn reported saturday .
german chancellor angela merkel has slammed us and british moves to bail out the troubled financial sector as undermining efforts to instill more transparency , in an interview to be published monday .
south african president thabo mbeki accepts a call from the governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- to stand down , his spokesman <unk> <unk> said saturday .
lauren booth , the sister-in-law of former british prime minister tony blair , left the gaza strip on saturday nearly a month after sailing in to protest an israeli blockade of the territory .
a soldier from the us-led coalition and two afghan civilians were killed saturday when a bomb hit their vehicle in southern afghanistan , the coalition said .
around ##,### policemen and soldiers backed by us-led coalition forces will stand guard next week for a shiite pilgrimage in the central iraq city of najaf , a top official said on saturday .
pakistan 's new president asif ali zardari saturday told parliament to abolish his wide-ranging powers and warned `` we will not tolerate '' sovereignty violations after a series of cross-border strikes .
south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- told president thabo mbeki on saturday to stand down , its secretary general announced .
kuwait 's telecoms giant zain said on saturday it has raised #.# billion dinars -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- of new capital in a rights issue , to meet huge expansion plans .
anglo-dutch oil giant shell saturday said it had declared force majeure on nigerian light crude oil exports from its bonny terminal after a slew of attacks on its pipelines .
south korean president lee myung-bak ordered his government saturday to prepare for further <unk> from the ongoing global financial crisis , calling for extra precautions to protect small firms .
south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- told president thabo mbeki on saturday to stand down , its secretary general announced .
thousands were evacuated and at least seven people swept away in eastern orissa state after four rivers burst their banks and inundated scores of villages , officials said saturday .
german police saturday banned an extreme-right `` anti-islamification '' rally in cologne just as it was about to begin , following clashes with thousands of opponents , a spokesman said .
eight gold miners were killed when sand filled a pit they were excavating in northern tanzania , police said saturday .
the british embassy in sanna has been closed until further notice , a british diplomat told afp on saturday , days after a rebel attack on the us mission killed ## people .
iraq 's artists give proof of their resilience despite the ongoing conflict in an exhibition that opened in london this week .
the maoist prime minister of nepal , the world 's newest republic , left on saturday for the united states where he was due to meet president george w. bush and address the united nations .
police in switzerland 's canton <unk> will not issue fines to motorists because of a dispute with the government over overtime payments during the european football championships , swiss media reported saturday .
a us bankruptcy court saturday approved the sale of key assets of fallen us investment bank lehman brothers to its british competitor barclays .
the un nuclear watchdog has shown its members documents and photographs suggesting that iran secretly tried to modify a missile cone to carry a nuclear bomb , diplomats said .
nigeria 's main armed militant group saturday said it had destroyed a key pipeline run by royal dutch shell in the sixth attack in nearly as many days and vowed to reduce oil exports to `` zero .
anglo-dutch oil giant shell saturday said it had declared force majeure on nigerian light crude oil exports from its bonny terminal after a slew of attacks on its pipelines .
police launched an intense search across the indian capital saturday for two suspected islamic extremists who escaped during a dramatic gunbattle in which two militants and a police officer died .
us congressional leaders , stunned by the depth of the meltdown , considered quick legislative action saturday on a huge white <unk> bailout for the financial sector but demanded help for workers and reeling wall street firms .
us democratic presidential nominee barack obama pondered his own economic rescue plan saturday , saying his white house rival john mccain was flailing at a time of financial crisis and a government rescue for wall street must shield regular americans too .
anglo-dutch oil giant shell saturday said it had extended force majeure on nigerian light crude oil exports from its bonny terminal after a slew of attacks on its pipelines .
pakistan 's new president asif ali zardari saturday called for the setting-up of a parliamentary committee to abolish his powers to dissolve the assembly and dismiss the government .
the head of the main journalists ' union in iraq survived an assassination attempt on saturday when a bomb exploded outside his office in the capital baghdad , his colleague said .
gordon brown faces the fight of his life at the labor party conference saturday to squash a revolt which could topple him and prove he can lead britain through global economic turmoil .
nigeria 's main armed militant group saturday said it had destroyed a key pipeline run by royal dutch shell in the sixth attack in nearly as many days and vowed to reduce oil exports to `` zero .
french finance minister christine lagarde said saturday that the `` major systemic risk '' to global financial markets was `` behind us '' after global markets surged on friday .
china 's cabinet ordered an all-out effort saturday to save babies poisoned by contaminated milk powder as more asian countries moved to stop the food scare spreading overseas .
the head of the main journalists ' union in iraq survived an assassination attempt on saturday when a bomb exploded outside his office in the capital baghdad , his colleague said .
the philippines on saturday rejected paying a ransom to free two female aid workers abducted by islamic militants on the southern island of basilan .
french finance minister christine lagarde said saturday that the `` major systemic risk '' to global financial markets was `` behind us .
the head of the main journalists ' union in iraq survived an assassination attempt on saturday when a bomb exploded outside his office in the capital baghdad , his colleagues said .
tanzania and gabon on saturday banned imports of chinese milk products in the wake of the scandal in china involving milk contaminated with the toxic industrial chemical melamine .
the rafah crossing between the hamas-ruled gaza strip and egypt was opened on saturday to allow hundreds of muslim pilgrims to leave the besieged territory , palestinian officials said .
germany on saturday halted short-selling in financial shares , when investors borrow company stock to sell it , following the example of britain and the united states .
pakistan 's new president asif ali zardari will make his first speech to parliament on saturday under pressure to curb rampant militancy and shed wide - ranging powers introduced by his predecessor .
australia needs deeper links with asia to take advantage of the growth of the region into `` the global powerhouse '' this century , prime minister kevin rudd said saturday .
harry potter author j.k. rowling has donated one million pounds -lrb- #.# million euros , #.# million dollars -rrb- to britain 's governing labor party , it announced saturday .
russia is against new un security council measures targeting iran , the foreign ministry said in a statement saturday after the white house warned of a new round of sanctions .
at least ## people have died as torrential rains and high winds lashed northern india , toppling trees and houses , officials said saturday .
angola 's main opposition unita has retained isaias samakuva as its leader despite the party 's rout in the first <unk> elections in the oil-rich southern african nation .
russia is against new un security council measures targeting iran , the foreign ministry said in a statement saturday .
russia is against new un security council measures targeting iran , the foreign ministry said in a statement saturday .
tanzania has has banned all chinese milk products to safeguard against poisoning by the toxic industrial chemical melamine , a statement said saturday .
while its details have not been formally disclosed , economists say a us government plan to rescue the financial industry described as the `` mother of all bailouts '' will not be a simple task and could cost up to a trillion dollars .
china 's cabinet ordered an all-out effort saturday to save babies poisoned by contaminated milk powder which has claimed the lives of four infants and sickened thousands more .
nigeria 's main armed militant group saturday said it had destroyed a major pipeline run by royal dutch shell in the sixth such attack in the past week as it vowed to paralyse the key oil sector .
the rafah crossing between the hamas-ruled gaza strip and egypt was opened on saturday to allow hundreds of muslim pilgrims to leave the besieged territory , palestinian officials said .
general motors said that it intended to draw down the remaining #.# billion dollars of its #.#-billion-dollar secured revolving credit facility to maintain what the auto giant described as `` high level of financial flexibility '' at a time when the financial markets are uncertain .
us congressional leaders , stunned by the depth of the economic meltdown , considered saturday quick legislative action on a white <unk> huge financial sector bailout , but demanded help for us workers as well as reeling wall street firms .
an anti-india strike called by muslim separatists shut shops , schools and offices in revolt-hit kashmir saturday in the latest protest to hit the scenic region .
us democratic presidential nominee barack obama pondered his own economic rescue plan saturday , saying his white house rival john mccain was flailing at a time of financial crisis and a government rescue for wall street must shield regular americans too .
police launched an intense manhunt across the indian capital saturday for two suspected islamic extremists who escaped a dramatic gunbattle in which two militants and a police officer died .
the main armed rebel group in nigeria 's oil-rich south saturday claimed to have destroyed a major pipeline belonging to royal dutch shell in the sixth such attack in less than a week .
fifteen people trying to steal fuel from a freight train died saturday in northeastern india when they were overcome by toxic fumes , railway officials said .
a moderate earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale was felt in northwest pakistan saturday but there were no immediate reports of casualties or damage , an official said .
with wetlands and jungles teeming with colourful butterflies and exotic primates , sri lanka is planning to lure a new type of tourist who prefers wildlife to beach life .
a new chapter in london <unk> began this weekend with the official launch of a #,### capacity <unk> , complete with vibrating dance floor , at the iconic ## arena .
the violence in executed dictator saddam hussein 's hometown of tikrit has drastically declined , but the us military is concerned for the hard-won stability .
a radical hindu leader has been arrested in southern india over a spate of attacks targeting christian churches , officials said saturday .
china 's president hu jintao has sharply criticised local officials , state media said saturday , after a contaminated milk scandal claimed the lives of four babies .
armed police launched an intense manhunt across the indian capital saturday for two suspected islamic militants who escaped a dramatic gunbattle in which two militants and a police officer died .
gordon brown faces the fight of his life at the labor party conference opening saturday to squash a revolt which could topple him and prove he can lead britain through global economic turmoil .
china 's contaminated milk crisis is just the latest in a series of dark reminders for cathy wang that the food she and everyone else in the country consumes can be deadly .
the burned bodies of four men who died in a plane crash near the us-mexico border have been recovered , chihuahua state officials said friday .
china construction bank , one of the country 's four largest banks , revealed it has ###.# million dollars ' exposure to lehman brothers and said it was not expected to have a `` significant impact '' .
canada on friday said it would send ###,### dollars to storm-ravaged cuba to help the island nation recover from three successive hurricanes -- gustav , hanna and ike .
a government rescue of the finance system described as the `` mother of all bailouts '' evokes the response to ####s us banking crisis with elements of the great depression recovery effort .
the twists and turns of a turbulent week on wall street have made traders dizzy , but analysts are looking for a calmer ride in the coming week as the market digests the latest efforts to battle the financial market firestorm .
democratic leaders stunned by the depth of the economic meltdown friday pledged quick action in congress on a huge bailout , but demanded help for us workers as well as reeling finance firms .
former british prime minister tony blair , describing himself a terrible student , went back to school friday as religion lecturer at top us university yale .
democrat barack obama friday said his `` panicked '' white house rival john mccain was flailing at a time of financial crisis and said a government rescue for wall street must shield regular americans too .
landlocked , impoverished nepal has always struggled to punch above its diplomatic weight , but its new maoist leader has lost no time in shaking up ties with giant neighbors india and china .
a senior police officer died hours after a shootout in the indian capital with alleged islamic militants , including the leader of a group behind a series of deadly bombings , reports said saturday .
at the end of a week that saw global stock markets plunge to dizzying lows and soar to breathtaking heights , shell-shocked traders seem to agree on one thing : they had never seen anything like this before .
jurors on friday listened to an audio recording of american football great oj simpson and several friends as they burst into a hotel room and confronted two memorabilia dealers who were attempting to sell personal items belonging to the star .
lawyers for the only `` enemy combatant '' jailed in the united states without trial on friday asked the supreme court to examine whether the government has the right to detain indefinitely terror suspects captured on us soil .
google co-founder serge brin has started a blog , candidly telling of being at risk for parkinson 's disease and plugging his wife 's genetic testing start-up firm .
former british prime minister tony blair went back to school friday , launching his new role as a lecturer on religion at top us university yale .
a group of britain 's top bosses condemned the government 's economic policies monday , saying they were `` failing '' to meet the `` huge economic challenge '' and calling for a `` new direction '' .
barack obama 's backers sunday branded republican john mccain as out of touch and guilty of betraying us workers after it was reported his family owns ## cars , including several foreign models .
a bribery scandal combined with coalition-building opposition to pave the way for a new government in slovenia sunday , as a ##-year-old ex-yugoslav communist secured the narrowest of poll victories , the country 's electoral commission said .
slovenia 's centre-left opposition social democrats seized a one-seat victory in sunday 's parliamentary election , defeating prime minister janez jansa 's right - wing sds party .
south african president thabo mbeki announced sunday he had handed in his resignation , acceding to a call by his ruling anc party for him to step down seven months before his second term ends .
slovenia 's centre-right ruling slovenian democratic party -lrb- sds -rrb- and the opposition left social democrats party -lrb- sd -rrb- were neck and neck sunday , with ## percent of the votes counted by slovenia 's electoral commission .
republican white house hopeful john mccain sunday accused his democratic foe barack obama of showing a `` lack of leadership '' and foresight on the us financial meltdown and the iraq war .
democrat barack obama sunday accused the us administration of offering taxpayers a `` staggering price tag '' to bail out wall street but no real plan to fix the stricken economy .
thabo mbeki , an enigma often accused of crushing political foes who stood in his way , has handed in his resignation , becoming south africa 's first democratically-elected leader to be forced to leave office before his term expires .
south african president thabo mbeki announced his resignation sunday in a speech laying out the points for which he will hope to be remembered , as well as challenges facing the next administration .
a danish intelligence agent is missing after saturday 's devastating suicide bomb attack on the marriott hotel in pakistan 's capital islamabad , denmark 's foreign minister said sunday .
dark thriller `` lakeview terrace , '' starring samuel l. jackson as a cop who torments his neighbors , topped the north american box office over the weekend , preliminary numbers showed sunday .
hundreds of neo-nazi sympathisers honored waffen ss veterans at the ##th <unk> of the controversial <unk> gathering in southern austria sunday .
israel 's scandal-tainted prime minister ehud olmert resigned on sunday , setting the stage for weeks of more political turmoil as the horse-trading begins to form a new government .
british pop star george michael apologised to his fans sunday for `` screwing up again '' after being cautioned for possession of drugs in london .
a volcano on france 's indian ocean island of reunion started erupting on sunday , forcing authorities to raise the alert for a possible emergency .
indian police on sunday said they had arrested three more suspected militants over a series of bombings across the country that have left more than ### people dead .
democrat barack obama sunday accused the us administration of offering taxpayers a `` staggering price tag '' to bail out wall street but no real plan to fix the stricken economy .
venezuelan president hugo chavez was to meet here sunday with former cuban leader fidel castro , as caracas 's firebrand leader sets out on a tour to include china , russia , portugal and france .
mauritania 's anti-coup coalition sunday declared two days of national mourning for ## people killed in an alleged al-qaeda attack , after the ruling junta called for three days of mourning .
south african president thabo mbeki denied sunday accusations his government had interfered with justice , seen as central to calls for him to step down .
south african president thabo mbeki announced sunday he had handed in his letter of resignation after his party called for him to step down in the interest of anc unity .
exit polls sunday pointed to victory in slovenia for the opposition social democrats in parliamentary elections and an end to four years of centre-right government .
south african president thabo mbeki denied sunday accusations his government had interfered with justice , seen as central to calls for him to step down .
democrat barack obama sunday accused the us administration of offering taxpayers a `` staggering price tag '' to bail out wall street but no real plan to fix the economy .
a pakistan-based islamist militant group said sunday it was not involved in a series of orchestrated bombings across india , angrily denying allegations by investigators .
south african president thabo mbeki announced sunday he had handed in his letter of resignation after his party called for him to step down in the interest of anc unity .
an american soldier failed on sunday in a bid to replace the judge at a pre - trial hearing into charges that he murdered an iraqi detainee , a us spokeswoman said .
slovenia 's opposition social democrats was headed to victory in parliamentary elections sunday , taking ##.# percent of the vote against ##.# percent for the governing slovenian democratic party -lrb- sds -rrb- , according to an exit poll carried on pop tv .
south africans waited to hear their political future sunday , as president thabo mbeki prepared to address the nation , having agreed to heed calls from his anc party to step down as president .
china said nearly ##,### children were in hospital sunday after drinking toxic milk powder in a dramatic escalation of beijing 's latest safety scandal .
indian police on sunday said they had arrested three more suspected militants over a series of bombings across the country that have left more than ### people dead .
slovenia 's opposition social democrats was headed to victory in parliamentary elections sunday , taking ##.# percent of the vote against ##.# percent for the governing slovenian democratic party -lrb- sds -rrb- , according to an exit poll carried on pop tv .
nato sought sunday to downplay `` leaked email correspondence '' that suggested french soldiers had been ambushed by <unk> taliban fighters in afghanistan last month .
south africa 's ruling african national congress will on monday nominate a new state president after president thabo mbeki accepted a party call to resign , anc treasurer general mathews phosa said .
venezuelan president hugo chavez was to meet here sunday with former cuban leader fidel castro , as caracas 's firebrand leader sets out on a tour to include china , russia , belarus , portugal and france .
nato denied sunday that french soldiers had been ambushed by better armed taliban fighters in afghanistan last month but expressed concern about increasingly sophisticated cross-border attacks .
critics of globalisation ended a gathering in sweden on sunday , having failed to agree a joint statement and acknowledging that attendance was substantially down from the last such event .
five sudanese islamists admitted in filmed confessions their role in murdering a us diplomat and his driver in the sudanese capital on new year 's day , a court heard on sunday .
a danish diplomat is missing after saturday 's devastating suicide bomb attack on the marriott hotel in pakistan 's capital islamabad , the danish foreign ministry said sunday .
french lawmakers are to vote monday on whether to keep french troops in afghanistan after ## soldiers were killed there , raising questions about france 's presence in the increasingly violent country .
iraq unveiled plans on sunday for a multi-billion-dollar resort with spas , golf courses and a six-star hotel to revive a once popular honeymoon island on the tigris river in baghdad .
former sri lankan president dingiri banda wijetunga , died on sunday after a prolonged illness , his aide said .
democrats want accountability built into a massive bailout of the financial industry sought by the administration , leading us senators said sunday , in a sign of <unk> political snags for the plan .
us treasury secretary henry paulson urged congress sunday to swiftly pass his financial rescue plan , signaling that measures to help embattled homeowners could wait .
having a michelin is more trouble than it 's worth , says a chef in catalonia who is all to happy to renounce his .
the death toll due to heavy rains and flooding over the weekend across india shot up to ### with the air force rescuing a revered tibetan spiritual leader , officials said sunday .
one of three sections of the channel tunnel shut down after a fire is to reopen on monday , bringing rail traffic up to nearly half its normal level , the eurotunnel operator said .
firefighters in southern croatia struggled to control a large forest fire sunday as it continued to ravage the area around the makarska seaside town , local authorities said .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad warned on sunday that the nation 's military will `` break the hands '' of invaders if attacked , as the war of words over its nuclear ambitions intensified .
the iceland airwaves music festival , a fixture of the global indie music scene , celebrated its ##th birthday by pulling up its nordic roots and relocating to trendy east london -- just for one day .
pakistan on sunday blamed al-qaeda linked taliban militants for the massive suicide truck bombing at the marriott hotel that killed at least ## people and injured more than ### .
turkish president abdullah gul on sunday condemned the bomb attack in pakistan that killed at least ## people as a `` revolting attack intent on destroying peace '' in the country .
pakistan television broadcast a video sunday of the marriott hotel bombing , showing that the attacker rammed the gates with his truck and then blew himself up minutes before the main blast .
medics with polio vaccinations pushed into some of afghanistan 's most volatile provinces on the united nations ' peace day sunday with a taliban pledge they should not be harmed during the three-day drive .
south africans waited to hear their political future sunday , as president thabo mbeki prepared to address the nation , having agreed to heed calls from his anc party to step down as president .
embattled iraq will spend nearly ## billion dollars on reconstruction , public utilities and welfare in #### , a ## percent jump from this year , the government announced on sunday .
a former top israeli general said on sunday said iran threatened the west in the same way adolf hitler once did and that if economic and political sanctions failed conflict would be `` inevitable .
the recent economic downturn could push the european union to adopt more modest ambitions in its fight against climate change .
world leaders on sunday condemned the suicide bombing in pakistan that killed at least ## people , but used it as a rallying call for the continued fight against violent extremism .
most leaders of egypt 's coptic orthodox church would vote for president hosni mubarak 's son gamal if he chose to run in the #### presidential election , a top cleric said on sunday .
indian fuel giant reliance said on sunday it would boost domestic oil and gas output by ## percent over the next ## months , calling the move a `` quantum leap '' toward national energy self-sufficiency .
the most prominent armed group in southern nigeria , mend , declared a ceasefire on sunday following a week of attacks on oil industry targets after launching an `` oil war '' .
swiss finance minister hans-rudolf merz has been put in an artificial coma after suffering `` a <unk> accident '' , switzerland 's government said sunday .
pakistan on sunday blamed al-qaeda linked taliban militants for the massive suicide truck bombing at the marriott hotel that killed at least ## people and injured more than ### .
british prime minister gordon brown on sunday condemned the suicide bombing in islamabad and pledged that britain would do whatever it could to help pakistan combat terrorism .
iraq 's tourism authority unveiled plans on sunday for a multi-billion-dollar resort to revive baghdad 's once popular honeymoon island on the tigris river .
german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier on sunday strongly condemned the suicide bombing in pakistan that killed more than ## people .
a fire and subsequent stampede at a club in southern china killed ## people and left ## injured , state media said sunday , in the latest incident highlighting china 's abysmal fire safety record .
alitalia flights could be grounded in less than a week if a proposed takeover of the troubled airline fails to go through , italy 's transport minister said in an interview published sunday .
indian fuel giant reliance said on sunday it would boost domestic oil and gas output by ## percent over the next ## months , calling the move a `` quantum leap '' toward national energy self-sufficiency .
pakistan television broadcast a video sunday of the marriott hotel bombing , showing that the attacker rammed the gates with his truck and then blew himself up minutes before the main blast .
the pre-trial hearing of an american military officer on charges of murdering an iraqi detainee was interrupted soon after it began on sunday , a us military spokeswoman said .
pakistan 's interior ministry sunday blamed al-qaeda linked taliban militants from tribal areas near the border with afghanistan for the massive suicide attack on the marriott hotel in islamabad .
violent protests by leftists forced the cancellation of a far-right rally against the influence of islam in europe and prompted the detention of ### people , german authorities said sunday .
members of palestinian president mahmud abbas ' fatah movement arrived in egypt on sunday for talks with officials aimed at starting a national dialogue between rival factions , the mena news agency said .
egypt 's key case-## stock index soared #.## percent on sunday , the first day of trading since the us said it would pump billions of dollars into the crisis-hit world economy .
british prime minister gordon brown on sunday condemned the suicide bombing in islamabad and pledged that britain would do whatever it could to help pakistan combat terrorism .
a simple test for cervical cancer , designed to be used in developing countries , could strike a massive blow against the disease notorious as a `` silent killer '' of women , doctors said on sunday .
indian police on sunday said they had arrested three more suspected militants over a series of bombings across the country that have left more than ### people dead .
dubai shares surged by almost ## percent on sunday to lead a strong recovery by stock markets in the energy-rich gulf states , which dropped sharply last week over the global financial crisis .
a danish diplomat is missing after saturday 's devastating suicide bomb attack on the marriott hotel in pakistan 's capital islamabad , the danish foreign ministry said sunday .
prime minister ehud olmert announced his resignation on sunday , but the political uncertainty gripping israel and casting a shadow over us-backed middle east peace talks is far from over .
british prime minister gordon brown on sunday condemned the suicide bombing in islamabad and pledged that britain would do whatever it could to help pakistan combat terrorism .
nato denied sunday that french soldiers had been ambushed by better armed taliban fighters in afghanistan last month but expressed concern about increasingly sophisticated cross-border attacks .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert will submit his resignation to president shimon peres at #:## pm -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , according to a spokesman at the prime minister 's office .
hundreds of vietnamese catholics gathered sunday in hanoi to pray in front of police barricades blocking off land claimed by the church .
plagued by endless squabbling , french socialists take the first step this week toward choosing a new leader who will face the mammoth task of mounting a challenge to president nicolas sarkozy .
slovenia voted sunday in parliamentary elections with a bribery scandal hanging over prime minister janez jansa and the opposition left showing unity in a bid to regain power .
china on sunday condemned the bomb attack in pakistan 's capital that killed at least ## people , and pledged `` unremitting '' support for its close ally 's struggle against extremism .
iran on sunday condemned the suicide bombing in neighbouring pakistan that killed at least ## people and said the region 's interests were at stake .
prime minister ehud olmert announced his resignation on sunday , but the political uncertainty gripping israel and casting a shadow over us-backed middle east peace talks is far from over .
authorities in bangladesh on sunday banned three brands of powdered milk exported by chinese companies blamed for selling tainted milk that has sickened at least #,### babies and killed four in china .
insurgents killed at least six people in a spate of attacks across iraq on sunday , including a suicide car bombing at a checkpoint in the northern oil province of kirkuk , security officials said .
a fire and subsequent stampede at a club in southern china killed ## people and left ## injured , state media said sunday , in the latest incident highlighting china 's abysmal fire safety record .
the white house hopefuls stressed sunday their rival plans to bring relief to both troubled financiers and `` main street '' after the government proposed a huge wall street bailout .
democrats and republicans faced off sunday over the us government 's landmark request for ### billion dollars to bail out financial institutions as democratic lawmakers insisted homeowners also be offered relief .
burundi on sunday banned the sale of milk from china to safeguard against poisoning by the toxic industrial chemical melamine .
indian prime minister manmohan singh condemned sunday the suicide bombing in neighbouring pakistan that killed at least ## people , saying it demonstrated the `` destructive forces '' of terrorism .
the pre-trial hearing of an american military officer on charges of murdering an iraqi detainee was interrupted soon after it began on sunday , a us military spokeswoman said .
the world health organisation said sunday it is helping china solve its tainted milk formula problem , while criticising the government for initially failing to alert the international community .
the archbishop of canterbury rowan williams will on wednesday become the first anglican leader to visit the roman catholic shrine of lourdes , his office said .
at least ## people were killed and about ## others injured , some critically , when a bus and a truck collided in central vietnam early sunday , police said .
taiwan 's weather forecasters on sunday issued a warning urging ships sailing south of the island to take precaution as a storm bears down .
prime minister ehud olmert announced his resignation on sunday , but the political uncertainty gripping israel and casting a shadow over us-backed middle east peace talks is far from over .
an indian court has ruled that divorced husbands do not have to pay alimony if their former wives earn more than they do , officials said sunday .
sri lankan police tackling a series of blasts in colombo began on sunday taking a census of ethnic minority tamils who have fled the war-ravaged north and are now living in the city .
french finance minister christine lagarde warned sunday there remained obstacles ahead to overcome the global financial crisis but voiced relief that a full - scale catastrophe had been averted .
the most prominent armed group in southern nigeria , mend , declared a ceasefire on sunday following a week of attacks on oil industry targets after launching an `` oil war '' .
afghan president hamid karzai on sunday condemned the suicide bombing in neighbouring pakistan that killed at least ## people , calling for an `` honest struggle '' against terrorism .
the pre-trial hearing of a us military officer on charges of murdering an iraqi detainee opened on sunday at a us base near tikrit , the hometown of executed dictator saddam hussein .
prime minister ehud olmert announced his resignation on sunday , but the political uncertainty gripping israel and casting a shadow over us-backed middle east peace talks is far from over .
bangladesh 's main political parties welcomed the declaration of an election date but demanded an immediate end to the long-standing state of emergency .
the most prominent armed group in southern nigeria , mend , declared a ceasefire on sunday following a week of attacks on oil industry targets after launching an `` oil war '' .
qantas landed its first a### superjumbo here on sunday , hopeful that its arrival will boost the australian carrier , which has recently faced a series of mechanical problems including a mid-air blast .
a fire and subsequent stampede at a club in southern china killed ## people and left ## injured , state media said sunday , in the latest incident highlighting china 's abysmal fire safety record .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert announced his resignation at a cabinet meeting on sunday after foreign minister tzipi livni 's victory in a party leadership vote last week .
a malaysian blogger arrested for displaying the national flag upside down on his site said sunday his detention was politically motivated and challenged the government to charge him .
the united arab emirates on sunday urged pakistanis to support their government after a bomb attack on the marriott hotel in islamabad killed at least ## people and wounded around ### .
russian president dmitry medvedev on sunday condemned the deadly bomb attack on the marriott hotel in islamabad and offered to boost cooperation with pakistan in battling terrorism .
rescue teams hunted for survivors sunday in the ruins of islamabad 's marriott hotel , where a massive truck bomb killed at least ## people in what officials said looked like the work of al-qaeda .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad said on sunday the country 's military will `` break the hands '' of invaders if attacked , amid its continuing nuclear standoff with the west .
the white house hopefuls stressed sunday their rival plans to bring relief to both troubled financiers and `` main street '' after the government proposed a huge wall street bailout .
a dense haze hung over beijing on sunday as the city lifted wide-ranging measures aimed at clearing the city 's notoriously smoggy skies for the recent olympic and paralympic games .
`` the heartbeat of america '' the ads for chevrolet , general motors ' flagship brand of cars , used to boast .
john mccain is in a tough bind as the crisis on wall street gives barack obama an opening in their white house race to flay the republican 's economic philosophy as literally bankrupt .
somali pirates are holding a record ## ships following a week of relentless attacks that is threatening to disrupt regional trade and fishing and has spurred foreign powers into action .
democrats and republicans faced off sunday over the us government 's landmark request for ### billion dollars to bail out financial institutions as democratic lawmakers insisted that ordinary homeowners be offered relief , too .
south africa faces huge uncertainties over the imminent resignation of president thabo mbeki , with much riding on the ruling party 's ability to manage a smooth transition , analysts said sunday .
baghdad has sent back to saudi arabia eight of its citizens jailed in iraq ahead of a new extradition treaty between the two countries , a spokesman for the saudi interior ministry said on sunday .
suspected hindu radicals in india ransacked three churches near the city of bangalore on sunday despite a crackdown after anti-christian attacks in the region , reports said .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert was expected to announce his resignation at a cabinet meeting on sunday , but the political uncertainty that has gripped israel could continue for months .
indian police on sunday said they had arrested three more suspected militants over a series of bombings across the country that have left more than ### people dead .
the united nations said sunday its offices in the rebel-controlled north of sri lanka had been looted after aid workers were evacuated last week .
voting began sunday in slovenia in parliamentary elections with a bribery scandal hanging over prime minister janez jansa and the opposition left showing unity in a bid to regain power after four years of centre-right rule .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad said on sunday the country 's military force will `` break the hands '' of invaders if attacked , amid its continuing nuclear standoff with the west .
rescue teams sunday entered the burning ruins of islamabad 's marriott hotel looking for bodies and survivors of a truck bombing which killed at least ## people and left over ### injured .
asia 's wheat stockpiles are set to grow this year as major exporter australia , along with china and india , forecast larger crops , raising the prospect of lower prices for the golden grain , analysts say .
nepal 's maoist-led government has delivered an ambitious budget aimed at lifting millions of rural poor out of poverty , but critics say the former rebels face an uphill task to implement it .
restaurant and hotel owners in dubai are in hot competition during the muslim fasting month of ramadan to attract a top-notch clientele to `` tents '' that have proved a hit in the bustling gulf emirate .
children are allowed to tuck into food during ramadan , but some iraqi boys and girls who join the adults in fasting during the muslim holy month are seen as young heroes in the war-ravaged nation .
a few years ago heinrich von pierer was `` mr siemens '' , head of a successful german industrial titan making everything from nuclear power stations to mobile phones and master of all he surveyed .
the world of arts and culture could face damaging cutbacks as sponsors rein in their spending due to the global financial crisis , industry experts say .
bankers and traders in the heart of london 's financial district predicted the week ahead would be better than the last but warned there was more market volatility to come .
wall street will never be the same after a week that saw the white house , abandoning its laissez-faire attitude toward markets , organize an unprecedented bailout of private companies .
even in the confines of myanmar 's notorious insein prison , stripped of his robes and the rituals of his buddhist monastery , <unk> 's voice still resonates through the dark corridors .
one year after myanmar 's brutal crackdown on protests led by buddhist monks , the world remains divided on how to handle the regime , leaving democracy leader aung san suu kyi alone against the generals .
russia and georgia must look into allegations of summary executions , torture and other rights violations committed by troops from the breakaway republic of south ossetia and georgian forces , human rights watch urged sunday .
the un atomic watchdog begins its traditional september board meeting here monday to discuss the current stalemate in its long-running investigation into iran 's controversial atomic drive .
growing polarization over georgia , iran , kosovo , darfur or the middle east is reviving calls for a reform of the united nations -- especially the security council , which some say poorly represents today 's world .
world leaders converge here tuesday for their annual un summit in an atmosphere clouded by lingering us-russian tensions over georgia and global economic woes that threaten to further set back the fight against poverty .
televised debates between presidential hopefuls have long been a quintessential part of the white house race , and can often swing the ballot in favor of one of the candidates .
barack obama and john mccain clash on friday in the first of three crucial one - <unk> debates , which have the potential to make or wreck their rival challenges for the white house .
australia on sunday condemned the deadly bomb attack on the marriott hotel in islamabad and said it was considering ramping up its efforts to help pakistan stamp out terrorism .
a battle appeared to be brewing saturday between the republican administration of president george w. bush and leaders of the democratic-controlled congress over the government 's landmark request for ### billion dollars to bail out financial institutions .
rescuers were sunday set to search the smouldering remains of islamabad 's marriott hotel for survivors following a huge truck bombing which left at least ## people dead and ### injured .
slovenia goes to the polls sunday with a bribery scandal hanging over prime minister janez jansa and the opposition left showing unity in a bid to regain power after four years of centre-right rule .
thabo mbeki will on sunday make a rare public address , a day after agreeing to calls by the governing african national congress for him to stand down in the interests of party unity .
the us treasury department late saturday released a fact sheet on its ### - billion-dollar rescue plan for the financial sector proposed to congress , highlighting that these were the details `` as of saturday afternoon .
the white house rivals saturday pressed their own ideas to bring relief to both busted financiers and `` main street '' after the government unveiled a huge bailout of wall street .
republican presidential candidate john mccain 's running mate sarah palin will meet afghan president hamid karzai next week in new york , a mccain campaign spokesman said saturday .
a british government minister attacked republican us vice-presidential candidate sarah palin as `` horrendous '' at the labor party conference on saturday .
the us treasury late saturday unveiled details of the government 's unprecedented ###-billion-dollar bailout plan for the us financial sector in the worst market crisis since the great depression .
two powerful democrats in the us congress expressed skepticism saturday over the ###-billion-dollar plan president george w. bush has proposed to rescue the country 's beleaguered financial sector .
imf managing director dominique strauss-kahn welcomed tuesday the `` bold steps '' taken by the united states to stabilise the financial system , but warned global steps were required to get past the crisis .
a california-based professional hockey team is inviting republican vice presidential candidate and self-proclaimed `` hockey mom '' sarah palin to become their honorary vice president .
italian securities market regulator consob announced monday that it was suspending until the end of october the short selling of shares in banks and insurance companies .
us president george w. bush will meet with critics of the governments of russia , china , venezuela , north korea , myanmar and other countries in new york on tuesday , the white house said monday .
new york mayor michael bloomberg on monday outlawed extreme thrill seekers who dodge police to jump or hang from high buildings , his press office said .
human rights advocates called on the us government to reconsider the visa revocation of a respected pakistani rights defender , in a letter from human rights watch to homeland security chief michael chertoff released monday .
saudi arabia on monday formally called for an urgent ministerial meeting of the un security council to discuss israeli settlement activities in `` the occupied palestinian territories .
people with a family history of brain cancer have a significantly higher risk of developing the same type of tumors than individuals with no such family history , according to a study released monday .
the body of czech ambassador to pakistan ivo <unk> , who was killed in the suicide bomb attack on islamabad 's marriott hotel , arrived at prague 's airport on monday , czech media reported .
algeria said monday it places `` no restrictions whatsoever '' on religious freedom , saying a us state department report was marred by `` unfounded '' allegations .
argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner announced monday that she received a `` more than interesting offer '' from three banks to pay off defaulted argentine government bonds .
fresh fighting broke out monday between the army and rebel militia in the east of democratic republic of congo , with government forces claiming to have killed around ## rebels .
john mccain 's white house campaign monday lashed out at the media and declared that the venerable new york times was `` ### percent '' behind democratic hopeful barack obama .
missoni splashed vibrant colors onto the catwalk monday while d and g paraded a fleet of cheeky nautical outfits on day three of the milan spring-summer #### fashion week .
mexico will host the next world environment day in june #### , the head of the un environment program said here monday , praising the country 's efforts to tackle climate change .
officials from donor nations monday urged israel to lift restrictions on the palestinian territories , saying they were strangling the local economy , leaving palestinians dependent on aid .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice on monday reiterated her support for ukraine 's membership in the nato military alliance , but did not set any timeline .
saturn 's rings are more massive and far older than previously thought , astronomers reported on tuesday .
politico , a us political news website which has become one of the most popular in the country since its launch ## months ago , announced plans on monday to expand its coverage .
us lawmakers monday stepped up tough negotiations on a ###-billion dollar bailout for the us economy under pressure from global markets and president george w. bush not to drag their feet .
the financial turmoil that has rocked global markets appears to be benefiting us presidential hopeful barack obama , according to a new poll released monday that finds the democratic candidate pulling ahead of his republican opponent john mccain with a ## percent to ## percent lead .
the dollar took a beating monday , suffering its worst single-day decline ever against the euro , as concerns grew that a ###-billion-dollar rescue plan for the banking system will further burden us finances .
egypt is still negotiating for the release of ## kidnapped foreign tourists , the official mena news agency said tuesday , despite an announcement they had been freed along with eight egyptians .
doubts emerged monday about a gargantuan ###-billion-dollar us bailout of the finance system , plunging markets into renewed turmoil , as oil prices surged , the dollar slid and stocks faced fresh pressure .
the un security council on monday condemned the truck bombing that killed at least ## people in an islamabad hotel and stressed those responsible must be brought to justice .
egypt is still negotiating for the release of ## kidnapped foreign tourists , the official mena news agency said tuesday , despite an announcement they had been freed along with eight egyptians .
bosnia 's journalists ' association warned monday that local media supporting organisers of the country 's first-ever gay festival were being threatened and called on police to investigate the cases .
dark thriller `` lakeview terrace , '' starring samuel l. jackson as a cop who torments his neighbors , topped the north american box office over the weekend , final figures showed monday .
the new york times on monday rejected a fierce attack by the republican presidential campaign of john mccain against the daily 's coverage of the white house election .
stocks markets resumed their slide monday as doubts mounted about the effectiveness of a much-vaunted rescue package for the financial sector in the us congress .
a centenarian woman was murdered in the kenyan coastal town of malindi by locals who suspected her of being a witch , police told afp monday .
sandisk on monday announced it is taking on the compact disk -lrb- cd -rrb- industry by selling tunes on flash memory `` <unk> '' that fit into mobile telephones and mp# players .
about a dozen people were injured monday by a palestinian who steered his car at them on a west jerusalem street and was then shot and killed by an armed passer - by , police said .
us president george w. bush will address the `` global impact '' of the us financial meltdown and his proposed remedy for it in his farewell address to the un general assembly , the white house said monday .
canada 's liberals unveiled their election plank monday , touting the largest tax shift in recent canadian history , massively cutting income and corporate taxes to offset a new pollution tax .
a group of ## foreign tourists and egyptians kidnapped at gunpoint by bandits while on a desert safari in a remote corner of southwestern egypt have been freed , egypt 's foreign minister said on monday .
us shares plunged monday as doubts emerged about the prospects for a massive ### - billion-dollar government plan to bail out the banking industry .
a sports memorabilia dealer allegedly robbed by o.j. simpson bragged before the heist that he possessed personal items stolen from the sports star for sale , a court heard monday .
the african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- named its deputy chief kgalema motlanthe to become south africa 's next president on monday , a day after embattled thabo mbeki announced his resignation .
the eu parliament will return to its strasbourg chamber in october after the repair of a collapsed ceiling which forced meps to hold extraordinary sessions in brussels , it was decided monday .
a young man was stabbed on a greyhound bus traveling across canada on the weekend , in the second bus attack in two months and an eerie reminder of the august assault when a passenger was beheaded , police said monday .
crude oil prices skyrocketed monday , in the biggest one-day dollar gain on record in new york trade , boosted by a massive us financial bailout plan and a decline in the dollar .
the un security council on monday extended for one year the mandate of nato-led multinational forces battling extremists in afghanistan , but voiced concern about the high number of civilian casualties .
the bombing of the marriott hotel in islamabad killed two us military personnel assigned to the us embassy , defense officials in washington said monday .
an investigation into technical problems with the world 's largest atom-smasher could produce its preliminary findings this week into why it had to be shut down .
us shares plunged monday as doubts emerged about the prospects for a massive ### - billion-dollar government plan to bail out the banking industry .
a group of ## foreign tourists and egyptians kidnapped at gunpoint by bandits while on a desert safari in a remote corner of southwestern egypt have been freed , egypt 's foreign minister said on monday .
a multi-day forest fire stranded ### tourists on a remote stretch of railroad connecting the peruvian tourism hub of cusco with the ancient inca hideaway of machu picchu , rail company perurail said monday .
a group of spanish associations said monday it has handed over to a top judge a list of ###,### names of people who disappeared during the ####-## civil war and the ensuing dictatorship of general francisco franco .
france announced monday it will beef up its mission in afghanistan with helicopters , drones and other military means amid debate over whether ## french soldiers killed there were poorly equipped .
john mccain 's white house campaign monday lashed out at the media and declared the venerable new york times was `` ### percent '' behind democratic hopeful barack obama .
illusionist and daredevil david blaine began a nearly three-day stint monday hanging upside down over new york 's central park , in what may be his toughest stunt yet .
spain 's prime minister vowed monday to bring `` eta terrorist assassins '' to justice after a soldier was killed and ## people were wounded in a trio of bombings blamed on the basque separatists .
britain faces a rocky road to recovery after world economic turmoil , its finance minister told a labor party conference humming with talk of a challenge to premier gordon brown on monday .
us president george w. bush hopes to comfort worried world leaders at the un general assembly that he is doing his utmost to contain the damage from the us financial meltdown , the white house said monday .
the ivorian government on monday banned all milk products imported from china and promised to analyze existing stocks in the ivory coast as a tainted milk scandal continued to escalate in china .
three soldiers and two civilians were sentenced to death monday for the july # murder of daniel <unk> , an opposition member of the democratic republic of congo 's parliament .
an ecuadoran plane with ## people on board slid off the runway at a quito airport , and forced the airport 's closure , local airline authorities said monday .
crude oil prices skyrocketed monday by ##.## dollars , the biggest one-day dollar gain on record , lifted by a declining dollar amid a proposed us financial sector bailout .
europe must step up checks on food imports in the face of growing scares like that over toxic milk in china , the french agriculture minister said monday .
crude oil prices skyrocketed monday ##.## dollars higher to close at ###.## dollars a barrel in new york , lifted by a declining dollar amid a proposed us financial sector bailout .
australian francis gurry was confirmed monday as the new head of the world intellectual property organisation -lrb- wipo -rrb- , ending the tenure of its previous leader who faced allegations of mismanagement .
mexico 's state-run oil company said monday that production fell #.# percent in the first eight months of the year , compared with the same period in #### .
pakistan 's president asif ali zardari arrived in new york monday to attend the un general assembly and hold talks on the `` war on terror '' with us president george w. bush and other leaders , an official said .
democrat barack obama monday slammed greed in washington and on wall street for placing the us economy in peril , and warned they should not be given `` a blank check '' to escape the crisis .
the eu commission on monday asked the european food safety authority -lrb- efsa -rrb- to `` urgently assess possible public health risks '' of china 's tainted milk scandal to consumers .
a los angeles judge dismissed assault claims filed against keanu reeves by a celebrity news photographer on monday , saying there was no evidence to support the allegations .
illusionist and stuntman david blaine began a nearly three-day stint monday hanging upside down over new york 's central park , in what may be his toughest dare yet .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice and turkish foreign minister ali babacan on monday discussed the conflict between georgia and russia on the sidelines of the un general assembly .
the un security council on monday extended for one year the mandate of nato 's international security assistance force -lrb- isaf -rrb- battling extremists in afghanistan , but expressed concern about the high number of civilian casualties .
activists from jewish organizations demonstrated monday against iran at un headquarters in new york in a rally overshadowed by us domestic politics with senator hillary clinton declining to appear alongside republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin .
the san sebastian film festival explored on monday sibling tensions in a turkish family and the touching story of spanish female inmates escaping prison life through theater .
the united states vowed monday to step up efforts to help pakistan in a long fight against south asian extremism following a massive hotel bombing in islamabad that killed scores of people .
israeli president shimon peres asked foreign minister tzipi livni on monday to form a new government , a day after scandal-plagued prime minister ehud olmert officially stepped down .
france 's opposition socialists called for senate reform monday despite better - than-expected gains in weekend elections to the upper chamber .
spain 's prime minister vowed monday to bring `` eta terrorist assassins '' to justice after a soldier was killed and ## people were wounded in a trio of bombings blamed on the basque separatists .
the un security council on monday extended for one year the mandate of nato 's international security assistance force -lrb- isaf -rrb- battling extremists in afghanistan but expressed concern about the high number of civilian casualties .
the united states is mulling sending an official delegation to asia to try to resolve a `` serious '' crisis with north korea , which has said it wants to relaunch its nuclear program .
russia 's foreign ministry denounced monday the `` unilateral '' appointment of austrian diplomat werner <unk> as the new head of europe 's security body in kosovo .
the outcry over the axing of south african president thabo mbeki has exposed leadership shortfalls and divisions within the ruling party , analysts said monday .
crude oil prices surged above ### dollars a barrel in new york monday , lifted by a declining dollar amid a proposed us financial sector bailout and supply worries in nigeria and the gulf of mexico .
the head of a pan-islamic organization called monday for more time for negotiations to resolve the conflict in darfur conflict before any move to arrest sudanese president omar el-beshir .
an ecuadoran plane with ## people on board monday slid off the runway at quito airport and forced the closure of a terminal building , the company said , without saying if there were casualties .
three soldiers and two civilians were sentenced to death monday for the july # murder of daniel <unk> , an opposition member of the democratic republic of congo 's parliament .
france announced monday it will beef up its mission in afghanistan with helicopters , drones and other military means amid debate over whether ## french soldiers killed there were poorly equipped .
british police shot dead an innocent brazilian man at point-blank range having decided `` an instant killing was the only option , '' a coroner said monday , opening an inquest into the #### shooting .
crude oil prices surged above ### dollars a barrel in new york monday , lifted by a declining dollar amid a us government financial bailout and supply worries in nigeria and the gulf of mexico .
french president nicolas sarkozy warned new donors like china monday against helping set `` the stage for a new debt crisis '' in africa while he promised europe would respect its aid pledges to the continent .
us lawmakers monday stepped up tough negotiations on a ###-billion dollar bailout for the us economy under pressure from global markets and president george w. bush not to drag their feet .
israel 's president shimon peres asked foreign minister tzipi livni on monday to form a new government , a day after scandal-plagued prime minister ehud olmert officially stepped down .
mcafee inc. , the second-largest us maker of security software , announced on monday that it was buying california-based secure computing corp. for ### million dollars .
tourist arrivals in spain , the world 's second most popular destination , were down #.# percent in the key month of august , the government said monday , as the economy suffered a sharp downturn .
the african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- named its deputy chief kgalema motlanthe to become south africa 's next president on monday , a day after embattled thabo mbeki announced his resignation .
iberia said monday it is suspending its flights between madrid and gibraltar for economic reasons at the end of this week , leaving the british territory without any air links to spain .
us plans to buy up the bank bad debt killing the credit markets won backing in europe on monday but there was little support to follow in washington 's footsteps this side of the atlantic .
the dollar fell sharply on monday as concerns grew that washington 's ### - billion-dollar rescue plan to take over the mountain of bad debt at us banks will further burden us finances .
us and european equity markets fell hard monday as doubts mounted about the effectiveness of a much-vaunted us rescue package that us lawmakers are about to debate .
un chief ban ki-moon urged rich countries here monday to honor their #### pledge to double their annual aid to africa , which is lagging behind the rest of the world in meeting poverty reduction goals by #### .
french lawmakers in the national assembly voted monday in favor of keeping french troops in afghanistan after ## soldiers died in a taliban ambush last month .
ivory coast has established a new cocoa management committee to oversee operations of its key export industry , mired in widespread corruption allegations , the government said monday .
french lawmakers in the national assembly voted monday in favor of keeping french troops in afghanistan after ## soldiers died in a taliban ambush last month .
denmark 's central bank and a number of local banks on monday came to the rescue of <unk> bank , injecting liquidity into the small regional lender hit by problems on the property market .
australian prime minister kevin rudd monday sent a message of support to his beleaguered british counterpart gordon brown at the labor party conference .
the european central bank sees renewed tension on eurozone money markets as the end of the third quarter nears and pledges to inject more cash if necessary to keep interbank lending on track .
us and european markets fell back badly monday as anxious investors waited on us lawmakers to pass a ###-billion-dollar debt bailout and president george w. bush urged top speed on the plan .
the management of the marriott hotel on monday denied an official statement that top pakistani leaders were due to have dinner at the hotel but canceled before a devastating suicide bombing .
the management of the marriott hotel on monday denied an official statement that top pakistani leaders were due to have dinner at the hotel but canceled before a devastating suicide bombing .
pledges of international aid to the palestinian authority were the focus of talks on the sidelines of the un general assembly here monday .
green groups will stage `` earth overshoot day '' on tuesday to draw attention to estimates that people are gobbling up ## percent more in resources than the planet can currently replenish .
the israeli state prosecutor 's office on monday filed murder charges against the grandfather and the mother of a little french girl whose remains were fished out of a tel aviv river .
denmark 's central bank said monday it would auction off ## billion kroner -lrb- #.## billion euros , #.## billion dollars -rrb- in additional treasury bills to meet market demand amid the global financial turmoil .
former colombian guerrilla hostage ingrid betancourt in an interview monday ruled out any return to politics in her country , citing threats to her safety .
markets might give us authorities two weeks to unveil details on an unprecedented debt bailout scheme and would likely be volatile in the meantime , eurozone economists said monday .
global markets flashed signals of doubt and impatience monday to us lawmakers over a ###-billion-dollar debt bailout scheme as the last two wall street icons shed their elite investment banking status .
the united nations world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- on monday launched an appeal for ### million dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- to feed #.# million people affected by drought and rising food prices in ethiopia .
us stocks skidded lower monday as wall street turned cautious about a massive ###-billion-dollar government plan to bail out the banking industry and prop up confidence in financial markets .
china 's tainted milk scandal spiralled into uncharted territory monday with the government announcing that up to ##,### children had been sickened and its top product-quality inspector sacked .
the pre-trial hearing of an american military officer on charges of murdering an iraqi detainee ended on monday , us military spokeswoman major peggy <unk> said .
the group of seven industrialized nations pledged monday to help the united states address a global credit crisis , saying they will `` take whatever actions may be necessary .
alitalia , italy 's once-proud national flag carrier , sent out an sos on monday , publishing a final appeal on its website for investors to take over the near - bankrupt company and its fractious unions .
the us military said on monday it had freed another batch of detainees held in iraq this week , bringing to #,### the number of people released during the muslim fasting month of ramadan .
the main political parties from belgium 's feuding dutch - and french-speaking communities have agreed to open key talks on federal reform , but only after the coalition government was weakened by a defection .
mexican police have arrested nine suspected gang members , including one woman , in connection with the torture and beheading of ## men last month .
britain faces a rocky road to recovery after world economic turmoil , its finance minister told a labor party conference humming with talk of a challenge to premier gordon brown on monday .
the proposed ###-billion-dollar bailout for the banking industry leaves many questions unanswered , but has prompted fears about unprecedented authority for the us government to intervene in the financial system , analysts said .
france announced monday it will beef up its mission in afghanistan with helicopters , drones and other military means amid debate over whether ## french soldiers killed last month were poorly equipped .
alitalia , italy 's once-proud national flagship , sent up an sos on monday , publishing a final appeal on its website for investors to take over the deeply indebted company and its fractious unions .
an eu rule of law mission to kosovo dubbed eulex said monday it has stepped up deployment significantly here .
south african president thabo mbeki 's resignation means parliament has to elect someone from among its members to take his place , according to the country 's constitution .
prime minister vladimir putin on monday hailed a slight recovery on russia 's stock markets as the result of government intervention after their worst fall since the #### financial crisis last week .
germany said monday it will double humanitarian aid to zimbabwe after the country 's president and the main rival opposition leader agreed on a deal to share power .
taiwan has banned imports of non-dairy products from china after a chemical that has sickened thousands of children in a mainland milk scandal was found here in other food items , officials said monday .
bahrain-based investcorp on monday announced the launch of a one-billion-dollar credit fund to acquire real estate loans in the united states hit by the sub - prime mortgage crisis .
a world equities rally mostly stalled on monday as investors questioned whether the much-vaunted us rescue plan would resolve a global crisis that has shaken the financial world to its core .
masked bandits kidnapped a group of ## foreign tourists and egyptians at gunpoint as they were on a desert safari in a remote corner of southwestern egypt .
french president nicolas sarkozy told the un general assembly on monday that the european union will respect its pledges to aid the african continent .
the remote plateau where a party of ## foreign tourists and egyptians was reported kidnapped on monday only became known to the western world in the ####s but has become a growing draw for western visitors to egypt .
bollywood actor-director aamir khan said monday he was `` better prepared '' for the oscars next year , after his directorial debut `` <unk> <unk> par '' was last week named as india 's official entry .
lithuania is eyeing four firms , france 's areva , canada 's candu as well as the us-based general electric and westinghouse , as candidates to build a nuclear power plant by #### , the lithuanian electricity organisation -lrb- leo -rrb- said monday .
us president george w. bush on monday warned lawmakers wary of his ###-billion - dollar debt bailout scheme that `` failure to act would have broad consequences '' for the battered us economy .
the organization for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- on monday demanded journalists be given free access to georgia 's <unk> breakaway regions .
a european union mission intended to ease the conflict in georgia on monday started preparing the way for the deployment of over ### observers to the still - tense ex-soviet republic , officials said .
the european commission has mobile phone operators in its sights again with plans due on tuesday to regulate the price of sending text messages and to tighten billing rules .
un chief ban ki-moon , speaking at a summit meeting on africa 's development here monday , appealed to rich countries to honor their #### pledge to more than double their aid to the continent .
us president george w. bush on monday warned lawmakers wary of his ###-billion - dollar debt bailout scheme that `` failure to act would have broad consequences '' for the battered us economy .
the israeli state prosecutor 's office on monday filed murder charges against the grandfather and the mother of a little french girl whose remains were fished out of a tel aviv river .
us stocks opened weaker monday as wall street turned cautious about a massive ###-billion-dollar government plan to bail out the banking industry and prop up confidence in financial markets .
the san sebastian film festival explored on monday sibling tensions in a turkish family and the touching story of spanish female inmates escaping prison life through theater .
the prosecutor of the international criminal court heads for new york this week seeking backing for his bid to try sudan 's president omar al-beshir for war crimes , the tribunal said monday .
thai auto exports rose ##.## percent in august over the same period last year , an industry group said monday .
un chief ban ki-moon , speaking at a summit meeting on africa 's development here monday , appealed to rich countries to honor their #### pledge to more than double their aid to the continent .
security services briefly shut down a newly opened terminal at new york 's jfk airport monday after discovering what appeared to be <unk> in luggage -- but turned out to be <unk> .
political parties from belgium 's feuding dutch - and french-speaking communities agreed monday to open key talks on federal reform , but only after the coalition government was weakened by a defection .
a fleet of russian warships led by a massive missile cruiser set sail from their arctic base on monday for naval exercises off venezuela near us waters that have not been seen since the cold war .
spanish coastguards picked up ### illegal african immigrants this weekend off the coast of the canary islands , local police said monday .
the chief whip of south africa 's ruling african national congress told parliament monday the resignation of president thabo mbeki should take effect in three days .
global markets flashed signals of doubt and impatience monday to us lawmakers over a ###-billion-dollar debt bailout scheme as the last two wall street icons shed their elite investment banking status .
the un atomic watchdog called on iran monday to clear up allegations that it had been involved in nuclear warhead studies , while tehran protested it has not seen any evidence backing up the charges .
the inquest opened monday into the death of an innocent brazilian man in the wake of #### suicide bombings in london , amid high security and protests by supporters .
indian shares fell #.## percent on monday in choppy trade as investors sought clarity on the us government 's plan to mop up wall street 's billions of dollars of bad debt , dealers said .
swiss food giant nestle on monday insisted its products were not made with milk tainted by industrial chemical melamine , after hong kong authorities ordered a recall of one of its <unk> milk brands .
israel 's president was expected to ask foreign minister tzipi livni on monday to form a new government , a day after scandal-plagued prime minister ehud olmert officially stepped down .
the french economy is set for growth of one percent in #### , french economy minister christine lagarde said on monday , downgrading the government 's earlier forecasts .
a new delhi court on monday dismissed a lawsuit by hollywood studio warner bros against the makers of bollywood film `` hari puttar '' over its title , lawyers for both sides said .
the group of seven industrialized nations pledged monday cooperation with the united states to address financial turmoil gripping global credit markets .
a delegation from the council of europe parliamentary assembly -lrb- pace -rrb- is in russia and georgia for the next four days ahead of an urgent debate on `` the consequences of the war , '' the strasbourg-based council announced monday .
taiwan has banned imports of chinese milk products after a scandal over contaminated baby formula that has sickened thousands of children on the mainland , officials here said monday .
the lebanese army said on monday that syria has boosted troop numbers along the border but that damascus has stressed the move is linked to a crackdown against smugglers .
eu economic and monetary affairs commissioner joaquin almunia welcomed monday the plan hammered out by us authorities to relieve banks of bad debt and stabilise credit markets .
britain will rapidly introduce legislation to bolster banking regulation , its government said monday , as prime minister gordon brown battles to get a grip on damaging financial turmoil .
the group of seven industrialized nations said monday they `` strongly welcome '' extraordinary measures taken by the us government to address financial turmoil and pledged their cooperation .
the chief whip of south africa 's ruling anc told parliament he wanted the house to agree that the resignation of president thabo mbeki should take effect thursday .
sweden 's government forecast monday lower growth and rising unemployment in its #### budget bill , but said it would stick to its plan to cut taxes and boost spending despite the global financial crisis .
the group of seven industrialized nations said monday they `` strongly welcome '' the extraordinary measures taken by the us government to address financial turmoil .
the world health organisation on monday warned customers not to buy drugs made by swiss pharma giant novartis 's sandoz generics unit in south africa after an inspection revealed more than ## faults .
the israeli state prosecutor 's office on monday filed murder charges against the grandfather and the mother of a little french girl whose remains were fished out of a tel aviv river .
the prosecutor of the international criminal court heads for new york this week seeking backing for his bid to try sudan 's president omar al-beshir for war crimes , the tribunal said .
hundreds of thousands of shiites marked the anniversary on monday of the death of imam ali , the most revered imam in shiite islam , in the central iraqi city of najaf amid tight security , officials said .
the israeli state prosecutor 's office on monday filed murder charges against the grandfather and the mother of a little french girl whose remains were fished out of a tel aviv river .
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said monday that turkey will overcome the global financial turbulence but warned that growth will slow in the emerging market economy .
britain 's iconic red telephone boxes have been given a stay of execution , as heritage campaigners battle to prevent them having the plug pulled due to the dominance of mobile phones .
french lawmakers were to vote monday on whether to keep french troops in afghanistan after ## soldiers were killed there , as debate raged on whether they died because they were badly equipped .
chinese president hu jintao told his american counterpart george w. bush on monday that china welcomed washington 's efforts to stabilise us financial markets and hoped they succeed , state media reported .
turkish authorities launched an investigation monday after ## newborn babies died in ## hours at a state hospital in the western city of izmir , officials and media reports said .
nine of the world 's biggest investment banks on monday formally launched turquoise , a pan-european electronic trading platform to compete with established players such as the london stock exchange .
china 's tainted milk scandal spiralled into uncharted territory monday with the government announcing that up to ##,### children had been sickened and its top product-quality inspector sacked .
britain is to draw up legislation to bolster the role of financial regulators and make it easier to intervene in a crisis to help stem global turmoil , the finance minister said monday .
the united states has agreed to join singapore , new zealand , chile and brunei in a free trade agreement that could set the pace for a broader asia-pacific free trade area , officials said .
south africa 's ruling anc on monday named its deputy president kgalema motlanthe to take over as head of state after thabo mbeki bowed to pressure and announced his resignation , a spokesman said .
europe 's job market is set to take a turn for the worse in the second half of the year as the economy struggles , the european commission said on monday .
prime minister vladimir putin on monday hailed a marked recovery on russia 's stock markets after they suffered their worst one-day fall since the #### financial crisis last week .
unidentified gunmen abducted afghanistan 's ambassador-designate to pakistan and killed his driver monday in a brazen ambush in the northwestern city of peshawar , officials said .
british newspapers branded south africa 's outgoing president thabo mbeki a failure monday for disastrous policies on aids and zimbabwe , while voicing caution over his possible successor .
the bank of england on monday offered ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- to banking institutions that are facing funding problems because of the credit crunch .
oil prices rose sharply on monday as investors reacted to us moves to help stabilise rocky global financial markets that could also encourage energy demand , dealers said .
at least ## civilians were killed and more than ## wounded in a fresh round of mortar exchanges in central mogadishu , one of the deadliest series of incidents in months , residents told afp monday .
global markets wavered monday , waiting for us lawmakers to pass a ###-billion - dollar debt bailout as g# ministers talked and the last two wall street icons shed their elite investment status .
spain 's prime minister vowed monday to bring assassins of the eta `` terrorist gang '' to justice after a soldier was killed and ## people were wounded in a trio of bombings blamed on the basque separatists .
wolseley , the world 's biggest distributor of plumbing and heating products , said on monday that it had axed ### more jobs after annual net profit slumped ## percent on a us economic downturn .
a european union mission intended to ease the conflict in georgia started work in the capital tbilisi on monday , preparing the way for a rapid deployment of some ### observers , officials said .
wolseley , the world 's biggest distributor of plumbing and heating products , said on monday that it had axed ### more jobs after annual net profit slumped ## percent on a us economic downturn .
the un atomic watchdog called on iran monday to clear up allegations it had been involved in studies to make a nuclear warhead .
the inquest opened monday into the death of an innocent brazilian man in the wake of #### suicide bombings in london , amid high security and protests by supporters .
the european commission welcomed on monday a plan hammered out by us authorities over the weekend to buy up billions of dollars in bad debts clogging nerve - wracked credit markets .
alitalia , italy 's once-proud national flagship , sent up an sos on monday , publishing a final appeal on its website for investors to take over the deeply indebted company and its fractious unions .
shin <unk> of south korea was elected monday as the new director for the western pacific region of the world health organisation , the un body announced .
the family-owned german auto parts company schaeffler said monday that it had received ##.## percent of the shares in rival continental as a result of a public offer .
the european union on monday said it was reopening a challenge at the wto against india over import duties imposed by new delhi on alcoholic drinks , lifting an earlier suspension of the complaint .
a thai court on monday began extradition hearings for alleged russian arms dealer viktor bout , which could send the man dubbed the `` merchant of death '' to the united states to face terrorism charges .
unidentified gunmen abducted afghanistan 's ambassador-designate to pakistan and killed his driver monday in a brazen ambush in the northwestern city of peshawar , officials said .
slovenian voters swung the country to the left in a desire for change , delivering a personal slap in the face to outgoing centre-right prime minister janez jansa , analysts said monday .
russia 's biggest investment bank on monday said it would take advantage of global financial turmoil to expand internationally after unveiling a partnership with one of russia 's top tycoons .
yemen said on monday it is holding six key suspects over a deadly attack on the us embassy last week , including an islamist militant who claimed responsiblity for the strike .
world oil prices rose on monday as investors reacted to us moves to help stabilise rocky global financial markets that could encourage growth in crude demand , dealers said .
south africa 's ruling party chief jacob zuma said monday there would be a `` smooth transition '' in the presidency after the resignation of president thabo mbeki , adding that economic policy would remain unchanged .
shares in asia mostly rose monday as dealers reacted positively to the us government 's rescue package for the financial sector , while some markets were also boosted by domestic regulatory measures .
european stock markets steadied on monday , after earlier gains in asia , as investors hoped that the massive us rescue plan to relieve the financial system of toxic debt would end the global crisis .
indian shares fell #.## percent on monday in choppy trade as investors sought clarity on the us government 's plan to mop up wall street 's billions of dollars of bad debt , dealers said .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on monday due to losses in big-cap shares , dealers said .
vietnam said its inflation rate reached ##.# percent in september compared to a year ago , according to official figures released monday .
india 's prime minister embarked monday on a ##-day visit to the united states and france which is expected to mark the country 's return to global nuclear commerce after ## years in the cold .
the lebanese army said on monday that syria had boosted troop numbers along the border but that damascus had stressed the move was linked to a crackdown against smugglers .
the united arab emirates central bank said on monday it has set up a ##.# - billion-dollar facility to help banks cope with the global financial crisis and may make more money available if needed .
white house contenders barack obama and john mccain focused on the troubled us economy monday , as they battled over who can lead the country out of its financial crisis .
the lebanese army said on monday that syria had boosted troop numbers along the border but that damascus had stressed the move was linked to a crackdown against smugglers .
chinese share prices surged to close #.## percent higher on monday as beijing continued to boost the market , announcing plans to make it easier for companies to buy back their shares , dealers said .
the european union on monday said it was reopening a challenge at the wto against india over import duties imposed by new delhi on alcoholic drinks , lifting an earlier suspension on the complaint .
the american authorities are set to return more than #,### priceless iraqi artefacts smuggled out of the country after the us-led invasion five years ago , the iraqi government said on monday .
the european central bank renewed its offer of ## billion dollars -lrb- ##.# billion euros -rrb- in one-day loans , it said on monday , adding that banks had bid for more than double that amount .
yemen said on monday it is holding six key suspects over a deadly attack on the us embassy last week , including an islamist militant who claimed responsiblity for the strike .
malaysian share prices rose #.# percent higher monday as the us government moved to bail out troubled financial firms , dealers said .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on monday due to losses in big-cap shares , dealers said .
a car bomb attack rocked central baghdad on monday , killing three civilians and wounding seven others , security officials said .
british prime minister gordon brown 's labor party battled to defend its economic record monday amid claims of policy failings after last week 's global financial chaos .
at least ## people were killed on monday when mortar shells fired from a somali army base struck civilian areas in mogadishu , bringing to ## the number of people killed in ## hours , residents said .
indonesian shares closed up #.# percent monday helped by a stronger rupiah and a rally on wall street late last week , dealers said .
the death toll from a rockslide that buried dozens of homes in a cairo slum this month has risen to at least ### , a security official said on monday .
indonesian shares closed up #.# percent monday helped by a stronger rupiah and a rally on wall street late last week , dealers said .
alitalia , italy 's once-proud national flagship , sent up an sos on monday , publishing a final appeal for investors to take over the deeply indebted company and its fractious unions on its website .
malaysian share prices rose #.# percent higher monday as the us government moved to bail out troubled financial firms , dealers said .
hong kong shares prices closed #.# percent up on monday , supported by a strong shanghai bourse after beijing introduced more market-boosting measures , dealers said .
russian tourists are to be allowed to enter vietnam for up to ## days without a visa , a tourism official said monday .
a car bomb attack rocked central baghdad on monday , killing one civilian and wounding four others , security officials said .
wolseley , the world 's biggest distributor of plumbing and heating products , said monday it would axe ### jobs after annual net profit slumped ## percent on an economic downturn in the united states .
europe must step up checks on food imports in the face of growing scares like that over toxic milk in china , the french agriculture minister said monday .
sweden 's government forecast monday lower growth and rising unemployment in its #### budget bill , but said it would stick to its plan to cut taxes and boost spending despite the global financial crisis .
the european central bank will renew its offer of ## billion dollars -lrb- ##.# billion euros -rrb- in one-day loans , it said in a statement on monday as markets braced for a new week of financial uncertainty .
the un atomic watchdog 's ##-member board of governors gathered here monday for a week-long meeting where iran 's controversial atomic drive was once again expected to top the agenda .
the iraqi government said on monday its forces have uncovered dozens of bodies buried in three mass graves in the restive province of diyala .
the french economy is set for growth of one percent this year , french economy minister christine lagarde said on monday , downgrading the government 's earlier forecasts .
south korea will inspect all dairy products from china , a health agency said monday , as fears grow outside the asian giant over a widening tainted milk scandal .
a spanish soldier was killed and another injured monday when a car bomb exploded outside a military school in the country 's north in a third attack attributed to basque separatists in ## hours .
the philippines ' biggest lender said monday it had asked a local court to place under rehabilitation two local units of collapsed us investment bank lehman brothers .
hong kong shares prices closed #.# percent up on monday , supported by a strong shanghai bourse after beijing introduced more market-boosting measures , dealers said .
french lawmakers were to vote monday on whether to keep its troops in afghanistan after ## of its soldiers were killed there , as a debate raged on whether they had died because they were badly equipped .
chinese share prices surged to close #.## percent higher on monday after china 's securities regulator announced plans for further stimulus measures to boost the stock market , dealers said .
european stock markets drifted lower monday , despite earlier gains in asia , on investor caution about a massive us rescue plan to relieve the financial system of toxic debt , dealers said .
a new delhi court on monday dismissed a lawsuit by hollywood studio warner bros against the makers of bollywood film `` hari puttar '' over its title , lawyers for both sides said .
afghan president hamid karzai flew monday to the united states on an official trip that will include an address to the un general assembly and talks with president george w. bush , his office said .
a former senior state official who managed secret documents at estonia 's defense ministry has been arrested with his wife on suspicion of treason , state prosecutors confirmed monday .
governments of the g# industrialised countries will discuss on monday the us government 's plan to relieve banks of bad debt and will `` very probably '' support it , france 's finance minister said .
china 's widening contaminated milk crisis has prompted some consumers here to shift to soy milk , an industry official said monday .
taiwan 's unemployment rate in august hit a three-year high , rising to #.## percent from july 's #.## percent , largely on an increase in first-time jobseekers , the government said monday .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
goldman sachs and morgan stanley brought down the curtain on a wall street era sunday , agreeing to a radical revamp that completes the biggest overhaul in high finance since the great depression .
swiss justice minister eveline widmer-schlumpf will take over the finance minister portfolio from hans-rudolf merz who has been hospitalised after suffering a heart attack , the government said monday .
a european union mission intended to ease the conflict in georgia was starting work in the capital on monday , preparing the way for a rapid deployment of at least ### observers , officials said .
kuwait 's defense minister dismissed as `` mere rumor '' a claim that spy rings from neighbouring countries are embedded in the emirate , in comments published on monday .
human rights watch urged the saudi government on monday to end its `` systematic discrimination '' of minority ismaili shiites , charging that they are treated as second-class citizens .
shanghai , once home to the world 's biggest bicycle industry , began testing a <unk> rental program monday to encourage people to get back on bikes , officials said .
france 's leading cac-## stock index fell #.## percent to #,###.## points in morning trade on monday , as investors reacted cautiously to the us government 's massive rescue plan for debt-ridden banks .
kuwait has told the united states it is concerned over proposed arms sales to former occupier iraq , the gulf state 's defense minister said in comments published on monday .
budget cuts to a nepali festival celebrating a `` living goddess '' have sparked protests and prompted charges that the new maoist government intends to launch a cultural revolution .
pakistani investigators monday scrambled to track down an islamabad-based al - qaeda cell believed to have carried out the devastating bombing of the marriott hotel , security officials said .
europe 's main stock markets dipped in early deals on monday , with all eyes turned to the massive us rescue plan to relieve the financial system of toxic debt , dealers said .
finland will send ## observers to georgia this week as part of the european union observer mission to that country , a government agency said monday .
south korean shares edged up #.## percent monday on expectations that us measures to rescue troubled financial firms may lead to market stabilisation , analysts said .
china 's tainted milk scandal spiralled into uncharted territory monday as authorities said nearly ##,### children had been sickened and more countries moved to ban or recall chinese dairy imports .
period drama `` mad men '' scooped the top honor at the ##th emmy awards here sunday as politics took center stage at the us television industry 's annual equivalent to the oscars .
republican white house hopeful john mccain often seems relegated to the background at campaign rallies , where his running mate sarah palin generates an electric reception from party faithful .
governments of the g# industrialised countries will discuss on monday the us government 's plan to relieve banks of bad debt and will `` very probably '' support it , france 's finance minister said on monday .
australian share prices closed up #.# percent monday on the back of a wall street rally and a domestic ban on short-selling , dealers said .
taiwan share prices closed up #.## percent monday on a massive rescue package unveiled by us authorities to take on the current world financial turmoil , dealers said .
chinese share prices surged to close #.## percent higher on monday after china 's securities regulator announced plans for further stimulus measures to boost the stock market , dealers said .
world leaders meet here monday to assess africa 's development at a time when the resource-rich continent , reeling from high energy and food prices , lags behind the rest of the world in meeting poverty-reduction goals .
new zealand share prices leapt #.## percent monday , as investors welcomed us government intervention to stem turmoil in its financial markets , dealers said .
new zealand prime minister helen clark monday welcomed a decision by the united states to join a four-way free trade grouping .
the united states has agreed to join singapore , new zealand , chile and brunei in a free trade agreement which could set the pace for a broader asia-pacific free trade area , officials said .
world oil prices were higher in asian trade monday as investors reacted to moves by the us to help investment banks goldman sachs and morgan stanley survive a financial crisis that has shaken global markets , dealers said .
australia 's prime minister kevin rudd backed a ban on short selling shares monday as early confusion on the stock market gave way to a surge in share prices .
world oil prices were higher in asian trade monday as investors reacted to moves by the us to help investment banks goldman sachs and morgan stanley survive a financial crisis that has shaken global markets , dealers said .
white house contenders barack obama and john mccain focused on the troubled us economy monday , expressing doubts about a ### billion dollar government bailout for crippled wall street and calling for more government oversight of financial firms .
stock markets across the nordic region inched higher again monday after skyrocketing at the end of last week , as investors responded to a massive us rescue plan for the distressed financial sector .
the german stock market was flat at #,###.## points at the open of trading on monday .
france 's leading cac-## stock index was flat at the opening of trade on monday , slipping a fractional #.## percent to #,###.## points after the us goverment announced a rescue plan for debt-ridden banks .
south korea monday unveiled a plan to invest ##.# trillion won -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- in ## new growth sectors over five years to boost the economy and create jobs .
israel 's president was expected to ask foreign minister tzipi livni on monday to form a new government , a day after scandal-plagued prime minister ehud olmert stepped down .
chinese share prices surged to close #.## percent higher on monday after china 's securities regulator announced plans for further stimulus measures to boost the stock market , dealers said .
the united nations has recognized new zealand 's rights to an area of seabed six times the size of its land mass , prime minister helen clark said monday .
a change in the leadership of australia 's opposition <unk> paid dividends monday , with new leader malcolm turnbull increasing his party 's standing in opinion polls .
new zealand share prices leapt #.## percent monday , as investors welcomed us government intervention to stem turmoil in financial markets , dealers said .
south korean shares edged up #.## percent monday on expectations that us measures to rescue troubled financial firms may lead to market stabilisation , analysts said .
a german national and his somali wife who were kidnapped over the weekend in the northern somali breakaway state of puntland were released on monday , officials said .
a german national and his somali wife who were kidnapped over the weekend in the northern somali breakaway state of puntland were released on monday , officials said .
australian share prices closed up #.# percent monday on the back of a wall street rally and a domestic ban on short-selling , dealers said .
a thai court on monday opened extradition hearings for alleged russian arms dealer viktor bout , which could send the man dubbed the `` merchant of death '' to the united states to face terrorism charges .
president lee myung-bak rode his bicycle to work and commuters took free public transport monday as south korea joined in world car free day to help the environment .
chinese president hu jintao told his american counterpart george w. bush on monday that china welcomed washington 's efforts to stabilise us financial markets and hoped they succeed , state media reported .
major retailers in hong kong pulled more chinese dairy products off the shelves monday while parents scrambled to have their children checked out amid worries over contaminated milk .
hong kong share prices were up #.# percent at noon monday , as investors took profit from a rebound on wall street , dealers said .
the dollar slipped in asian trade monday as worries grew that washington 's rescue plan to take over wall street 's bad debt would further saddle us finances , dealers said .
an american soldier has been killed in a small-arms fire attack in baghdad , the military announced on monday .
taiwan share prices closed up #.## percent monday on a massive rescue package unveiled by us authorities to take on the current world financial turmoil , dealers said .
malaysia has no intention of pegging the ringgit to the dollar , finance minister najib razak said monday , ruling out calls to reinstate currency controls to offset the global slowdown .
china 's toxic milk scandal escalated monday as officials admitted nearly ##,### children had been sickened by contaminated products and more countries moved to ban or limit chinese dairy imports .
the federal reserve agreed late sunday to allow investment banks goldman sachs and morgan stanley to become bank holding companies , giving them easier access to credit and help them survive the financial crisis .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher monday , tracking wall street 's recovery after the us government rode to the rescue of its tottering financial services sector , dealers said .
taiwan has banned further imports of chinese milk products after a scandal over contaminated baby formula that has sickened thousands of children on the mainland , officials here said monday .
chinese share prices soared #.## percent by midday monday as china 's securities regulator announced plans for further stimulus measures to boost the stock market , dealers said .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher monday , tracking wall street 's recovery after the us government rode to the rescue of its tottering financial services sector , dealers said .
major retailers in hong kong said monday they had pulled more dairy products off their shelves after samples tested positive for a toxic chemical that has sickened ##,### babies in china .
for the last ## years , adrian eric <unk> has driven trains on india 's railways but he is a dying breed and his retirement on his ##th birthday will spell the end of mumbai 's anglo-indian `` motormen '' .
in a patch of land near this northern village , the forgotten remains of republican victims of spain 's ####-## civil war dead are reappearing , reviving painful memories for older residents .
india 's prime minister on monday was set to begin a ##-day visit to the united states and france which is expected to mark the country 's return to global nuclear commerce after ## years in the cold .
taiwan has banned further imports of chinese milk products after a scandal over contaminated baby formula that has sickened thousands of children on the mainland , officials here said monday .
world oil prices were mixed in asian trade monday as investors reacted to moves by the us to help investment banks goldman sachs and morgan stanley survive a financial crisis that has shaken global markets , dealers said .
chinese share prices soared #.## percent by midday monday as china 's securities regulator introduced further stimulus measures to boost the stock market , dealers said .
period drama `` mad men '' scooped the top honor at the ##th emmy awards here sunday as politics took center stage at the us television industry 's annual equivalent to the oscars .
the un atomic watchdog begins its traditional september board meeting here monday to discuss the current stalemate in its long-running investigation into iran 's controversial atomic drive .
haitian president rene preval announced sunday three days of national mourning for victims of four hurricanes and tropical storms that have ravaged the caribbean nation in recent months .
asian share prices soared in early trade monday as the us government 's massive rescue plan for the battered financial sector encouraged investors shaken by last week 's global turmoil .
period drama `` mad men '' scooped the top honor at the ##th emmy awards here sunday , the us television industry 's annual equivalent to the oscars .
the united states has agreed to join singapore , new zealand , chile and brunei in a free trade agreement which could set the pace for a broader asia-pacific free trade area , officials said .
its energy wealth and influence in africa have combined to round off libya 's transformation from `` rogue state '' to a player on the international stage and member of the un security council .
the federal reserve sunday agreed to allow investment banks goldman sachs and morgan stanley to become bank holding companies , giving them easier access to credit and help them survive the financial crisis .
iran 's president mahmoud ahmadinejad is expected to use his speech before the the un general assembly on tuesday to denounce the security council , which has imposed sanctions on tehran over its nuclear defiance .
chinese share prices opened up more than eight percent on monday after china 's securities regulator introduced new stimulus measures to stabilise the stock market , dealers said .
french lawmakers are to vote monday on whether to keep french troops in afghanistan after ## soldiers were killed there , raising questions about france 's presence in the increasingly violent country .
the dollar slipped in asian trade monday as worries grew that washington 's rescue plan to take over wall street 's bad debt would further saddle us finances , dealers said .
hong kong shares opened up #.# percent on monday , rallying on a wall street rebound last week after us authorities announced a massive federal bailout plan .
white house foes barack obama and john mccain expressed doubts sunday about a ### billion dollar government bailout for crippled wall street , saying it lacked sufficient oversight .
australian share prices were up #.# percent in morning trade monday as investors welcomed the us administration 's rescue plan for the battered financial sector and a ban on short-selling took effect .
the british press condemned nick faldo 's `` gamble '' monday that helped lose europe the ryder cup while at the same time hailing a spectacular three days that has restored the event 's reputation .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
chinese share prices opened up more than eight percent on monday after china 's securities regulator introduced new stimulus measures to stabilise the stock market , dealers said .
morocco 's top body of islamic scholars condemned on sunday a muslim theologian for issuing a religious decree that girls as young as nine years old can marry .
us treasury secretary henry paulson urged congress sunday to swiftly adopt an unprecedented ###-billion-dollar financial rescue plan , deflecting calls from democrats for measures to help at-risk homeowners .
australian shares opened #.# percent higher monday as the us administration 's massive rescue plan for the battered financial sector encouraged investors shaken by last week 's global turmoil .
australian shares opened #.# percent higher monday as the us administration 's massive rescue plan for the battered financial sector encouraged investors shaken by last week 's global turmoil .
the australian securities exchange delayed the opening of the stock market monday , one day after the announcement of new regulations banning all forms of short-selling .
japanese share prices jumped #.## percent in early trade monday after the us administration unveiled a massive rescue plan for the battered financial sector .
a suspected eta car bomb exploded monday in front of the military barracks in the town of <unk> in spain 's northern <unk> region , but it was not immediately clear if there were any injuries , regional authorities said .
the australian securities exchange delayed the opening of the stock market for ## minutes monday , ahead of an announcement by the australian securities and investments commission .
just over three tons of cocaine were discovered aboard a shrimp trawler off the pacific coast of chiapas , mexico , announced mexican officials sunday .
japanese share prices opened up #.## percent monday after the us administration unveiled a massive rescue plan for the battered financial sector .
the us food and drug administration on tuesday warned pharmaceutical laboratories to stop marketing two unapproved products that have been linked to serious health problems .
internet retail titan amazon has ramped up its attack on apple 's itunes by having links to its mp# online music and movie store built into a `` google phone '' due out next month .
two planets about ### light years from earth slammed into each other recently , us astronomers said tuesday , the first time evidence of such a catastrophic collision has been seen by scientists .
republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin began a diplomatic marathon in new york tuesday in an effort to bolster her foreign policy credentials ahead of the november # presidential election .
the us supreme court granted a last-minute stay of execution to troy davis , an african-american who was due to be put to death by lethal injection in the southern state of georgia for the murder of a policeman .
internet search giant google launched its long-awaited mobile phone on tuesday , unveiling a handset developed with telecom carrier t-mobile to compete with rival apple 's hot-selling iphone .
us president george w. bush has postponed his attendance planned political fundraiser in florida wednesday to focus on the fight over his embattled bank rescue plan , the white house said tuesday .
georgian president mikheil saakashvili on tuesday challenged the united nations not to allow its principles to be `` crushed '' by russia .
democratic presidential candidate barack obama vowed tuesday to pursue his plan to help middle class americans despite the likely outflow of ### billion government dollars to save the sinking economy .
mexican cinema star gael garcia bernal lamented his country 's rising violence , a week after a grenade attack on revellers in his father 's home state , in a newspaper editorial tuesday .
tycoon warren buffet 's berkshire hathaway has agreed to buy five billion dollars of stock in goldman sachs , and could double its stake within five years , the wall street bank said late tuesday .
a prominent rights activist said tuesday he was convinced former president alberto fujimori would be sentenced to ## years prison for human rights violations , as the trial of peru 's ex-strongman enters its final stage .
the armed campaign by the basque separatist group eta came to the san sebastian film festival tuesday with the screening of `` shot in the head '' , a film which had critics sharply divided .
a flurry of new polls in key white house battleground states tuesday showed democrat barack obama winning a boost from the financial crisis as voters blame republicans for the meltdown .
tycoon warren buffet 's berkshire hathaway has agreed to buy five billion dollars of stock in goldman sachs , and could double its stake within five years , the wall street bank said late tuesday .
kenya has banned chinese milk products after tainted milk from the country killed four babies in china and made tens of thousands of others ill , the government said tuesday .
heavy fighting between somali insurgents and african union forces erupted late tuesday in southern mogadishu , leaving at least seven civilians dead , witnesses said .
world leaders on tuesday called for urgent steps to tackle the global financial crisis and said the time had come for a sweeping reform of multilateral institutions , including the un security council .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad on tuesday promised to pursue nuclear technology despite western `` bullying , '' as russia apparently scuppered a push for new sanctions against tehran .
the us supreme court granted a last-minute stay of execution to troy davis , an inmate on death row in georgia who was due to be put to death later tuesday for the murder of a policeman .
republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin began a diplomatic marathon in new york tuesday in an effort to bolster her foreign policy credentials ahead of the november # presidential election .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad on tuesday promised to pursue nuclear technology despite western `` bullying , '' as russia apparently scuppered a push for new sanctions against tehran .
heavy fighting between somali insurgents and african union forces erupted late tuesday in mogadishu , leaving at least seven civilians dead , an afp correspondent and witnesses said .
the european union has abandoned plans to hold top-level international talks on the georgia conflict in geneva next month because of disagreements with russia , foreign ministers said tuesday .
a planned meeting of top diplomats on iran 's disputed nuclear program may not take place this week at the un general assembly , a senior state department official said tuesday .
the dollar recovered some ground on tuesday as players awaited the outcome of a us government plan to bail out a banking system crippled by the subprime home loan crisis .
a battle over the us government 's financial rescue package heated up in congress tuesday , with top finance officials urging its swift passage and lawmakers digging in their heels .
egyptian foreign minister ahmed abul gheit said tuesday that talks with morocco had led to a united arab candidacy for the post of unesco director-general , which falls vacant next year .
a kenyan rights panel on tuesday said that at least ### people have been arrested , tortured or killed by police on suspicion of being members of the banned mungiki criminal gang since october last year .
global stocks faced fresh selling pressure tuesday , with investor angst growing about a critical us financial bailout caught in political crossfire in congress .
us defense secretary robert gates tuesday affirmed a us right to act in self - defense against extremists in pakistan but said it was essential that the new civilian government in islamabad be `` a willing partner .
a masked student went on the rampage at a finnish school tuesday , methodically gunning down ## people before killing himself , a day after police quizzed him over a chilling youtube warning .
us president george w. bush praised ugandan president yoweri museveni 's leadership in working to end african conflicts tuesday as they met on the sidelines of the un general assembly .
a flurry of new polls in vital white house battlegrounds tuesday showed democrat barack obama getting a clear boost from the financial crisis as voters blame republicans for the meltdown .
leaders of france , brazil , germany and tanzania appealed tuesday for a sweeping reform of what they view as outdated multilateral institutions , including the powerful security council , in remarks to the un general assembly .
life magazine , the legendary but now defunct us magazine known for its prize - winning photos , is getting a new lease on life -- as a website .
four decades after launching his label , celebrity fashion designer calvin klein offers an upbeat take on his industry as both solidly grounded and still open to hardworking new talent .
wall street lost ground tuesday in a late-day selloff as traders turned skittish about the outlook for a massive banking sector rescue aimed at averting a wider economic crisis .
residents of the small finnish town of kauhajoki were gripped by shock and disbelief tuesday after the country 's second school massacre in under a year claimed ## lives , including that of the gunman .
the europeans have abandoned plans to hold top level international talks on the georgia conflict in geneva next month because of disagreements with russia , foreign ministers said tuesday .
a flurry of new polls in vital white house battlegrounds tuesday showed democrat barack obama getting a clear boost from the financial crisis as voters blame republicans for the meltdown .
eleven south african cabinet members abandoned ship on tuesday in the wake of president thabo mbeki 's resignation , prompting fears of instability and the ruling anc leader to downplay any panic .
oil prices tumbled tuesday , as a stronger dollar and demand worries prompted profit taking a day after new york crude registered its biggest one-day price jump ever .
wall street lost ground tuesday in a late-day selloff as traders turned skittish about the outlook for a massive banking sector rescue aimed at averting a wider economic crisis .
ghana 's ruling new patriotic party -lrb- npp -rrb- tuesday pledged to manage the country 's future oil revenue well if it is re-elected in december polls .
the danish navy on tuesday released ## suspected pirates -- arrested in international waters in the gulf of aden last week -- due to a lack of concrete evidence , the minister of defense said .
rare artefacts from teotihuacan , one of the ancient world 's largest cities , went on show in northern mexico at the weekend ahead of a first overseas exhibition in paris next year .
leaders of france , brazil , germany and tanzania appealed tuesday for a sweeping reform of what they view as outdated multilateral institutions , including the powerful security council , in remarks to the un general assembly .
chrysler this week joined the ranks of automakers promising to bring electric cars to the market in #### .
british prime minister gordon brown used a highly personal speech tuesday to argue he was a serious leader for serious times in a bid to silence rebels at his labor party 's conference .
us president george w. bush on tuesday acknowledged growing resistance to his financial bailout plan but promised worried world leaders washington will act `` in the urgent timeframe required .
satellite phone company iridium holdings is being purchased for ### million dollars by a private equity group , the companies said tuesday .
a tajik opposition reporter , now living in russia , has been charged with publicly calling for the overthrow of the regime , tajikistan 's interior ministry said tuesday .
afghanistan president hamid karzai is much sought-after at the un general assembly as nato and other leaders scramble to meet him at the sidelines over the fragile security situation in his nation .
afghanistan president hamid karzai is much sought after at the un general assembly as nato and other leaders scramble to meet him on the sidelines over the fragile security situation in his nation .
california 's budget battle came to a formal close on tuesday after governor arnold schwarzenegger signed off on a plan following a three-month-long stalemate .
czech president vaclav klaus on tuesday refused to pardon an ##-year-old communist-era prosecutor sentenced to six years for her role in a #### show - trial that resulted in the execution of a national hero .
a masked student went on the rampage at a finnish school tuesday , methodically gunning down ## people before turning the weapon on himself , a day after police quizzed him over a chilling youtube warning .
a key african union organ repeated demands tuesday that constitutional order be restored in mauritania , threatening sanctions on the west african country roiled by an august coup .
the board of directors at the european bank for reconstruction and development said tuesday it had voted overwhelmingly in favor of investing in turkey , a position supported by the united states .
chrysler this week joined the ranks of automakers promising to bring electric cars to the market in #### .
us multi-millionaire businessman and space tourist in training richard garriott said tuesday it was his lifelong dream to go into orbit , following in the footsteps of his astronaut father .
the united states on tuesday welcomed the release of myanmar 's longest serving political prisoner but said it would press for the freedom of all jailed dissidents .
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke and treasury secretary henry paulson urgently pressed congress tuesday to pass a ###-billion-dollar wall street bailout , warning the entire us economy was at risk .
lawyers and activists scrambled to get an ##th-hour stay of execution for a georgia man due to be put to death tuesday , despite strong doubts over his conviction for the murder of a policeman .
six suspected somali pirates arrived in france on tuesday as prosecutors built a case against them for allegedly taking a french couple hostage earlier this month .
a belgian court handed down a ##-year jail sentence tuesday to a polish youth who stabbed a belgian teenager for his digital music player , in an attack that sparked nationwide outrage .
world leaders called for urgent steps to tackle the global financial crisis and said the time had come for a sweeping reform of multilateral institutions , including the un security council .
real life batman david blaine is doing just fine half way through an attempt to hang upside down over new york 's central park for three days , his doctor said tuesday .
six years after bluntly warning the united nations it risked irrelevance for not backing the iraq war , us president george w. bush on tuesday hailed the world body 's `` extraordinary potential .
corrupt governments and the greed of western companies is blighting the supply of water in africa and killing millions of children worldwide , a leading ngo said tuesday .
france and brazil on tuesday made a vibrant appeal before the un general assembly for a sweeping reform of multilateral institutions , including the powerful security council .
the european union condemned on tuesday the sudanese military 's use of white aircraft in strife-torn darfur , calling it a deliberate attempt to create confusion with un planes .
hollywood heavyweight steven spielberg and his wife have donated ###,### dollars to help defeat a california referendum seeking to outlaw same-sex marriage , his spokesman said tuesday .
bosnian serb prime minister milorad dodik on tuesday slammed the poll commission for inviting monitors from kosovo , which unilaterally declared independence , to oversee local elections in the country .
the united nations independent human rights expert on myanmar on tuesday welcomed as a `` positive sign of cooperation '' the release of seven veteran political prisoners by the ruling junta .
west africa 's wars have taken their toll on the region 's cultural heritage , both in terms of tangible artifacts as well as knowledge that does n't get passed on , museum officials said tuesday .
serbian president boris tadic appealed to the un general assembly tuesday to back his country 's call for a ruling by the international court of justice on kosovo 's disputed independence .
french investigative journalist pierre <unk> went on trial tuesday accused of inciting hatred in a book on the rwandan genocide that described ethnic tutsis as prone to lying and deceit .
internet search leader google took a giant leap into the mobile phone market on tuesday , unveiling a handset developed with telecom carrier t-mobile to compete with apple 's hot-selling iphone .
europe 's top regulator on tuesday placed conditions on a hostile bid by british advertising giant wpp to take over its market research compatriot taylor nelson sofres -lrb- tns -rrb- .
hollywood heavyweight steven spielberg and his wife have donated ###,### dollars to help defeat a california referendum seeking to outlaw same-sex marriage , it was reported tuesday .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has appointed a new governor of the central bank , whose former chief was at odds with the government over financial policy , the state irna news agency reported on tuesday .
a ##-year-old italian climber fell ### metres -lrb- #,### feet -rrb- to his death on sunday in the swiss alps , local police said tuesday .
share prices tumbled in europe and asia tuesday but held firm on wall street , with investors still anxious about a critical us financial bailout now caught in political crossfire in congress .
a thai prostitute who went missing late last month was found murdered in eastern switzerland on tuesday , allegedly killed by a convicted rapist , police said .
ruling palestinian faction fatah has agreed to an egyptian proposal to create a new government that would be acceptable to the international community , a senior fatah official said on tuesday .
a masked student went on the rampage at a finnish school tuesday , prowling halls methodically as he shot dead ## people then himself a day after police quizzed him over a chilling youtube warning .
spain 's government said tuesday it has proof of the spanish origin of treasure recovered from a wreck in the atlantic by deep-sea explorer firm odyssey , and demanded the us company hand it back .
the united states on tuesday welcomed the release of myanmar 's longest serving political prisoner but said it would press for the freedom of all jailed dissidents .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has appointed a new governor of the central bank , whose former chief was at odds with the government over financial policy , the state irna news agency reported on tuesday .
italy has stepped up checks on chinese imports in the face of the toxic baby milk crisis that has claimed four lives and seen ##,### children fall ill in china , state health secretary francesca martini said tuesday .
ruling palestinian faction fatah has agreed to an egyptian proposal to create a new government that would be acceptable to the international community , a senior fatah official said on tuesday .
the dollar recovered some ground on tuesday as players awaited more details on a massive us government plan to bail out a banking system crippled by the subprime home loan crisis .
french president nicolas sarkozy called tuesday on key world leaders to hold a summit in november to learn lessons from the global financial crisis and rebuild a `` regulated capitalism .
french president nicolas sarkozy on tuesday proposed a g# summit to tackle the global financial crisis as his brazilian counterpart urged for a sweeping reform of multilateral economic bodies .
georgia on tuesday claimed to have shot down a russian drone near one of its rebel regions and a key oil pipeline , as us president george w. bush underlined support for georgia at the united nations .
british premier gordon brown used a highly personal speech tuesday to argue he was a serious leader for serious times in a crunch bid to silence rebels at his labor party 's conference .
oil prices fell on tuesday in choppy trade marked by profit-taking one day after new york crude soared more than ## dollars in its biggest-ever daily jump .
south africa 's annual rate of inflation , driven by higher costs for power , food and transport , rose to ##.# percent in august from ##.# percent in july for its highest level since #### , the statistics agency said tuesday .
french postal workers went on strike tuesday to protest plans for the partial privatisation of a state service seen by many as one of france 's most prized institutions under threat from eu liberalisation .
european agriculture ministers were as divided as ever over eu farming subsidies on tuesday , with france and britain championing opposing views on future spending .
german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier on tuesday said a middle east peace deal was unlikely this year , but hoped the process could be kickstarted as soon as a new israeli government is formed .
rights groups called tuesday on the european union to take in more refugees from iraq , two days ahead of a meeting of eu justice and interior ministers in brussels .
lawmakers in the european parliament demanded on tuesday tougher eu regulation of the crisis-struck financial sector , targetting hedge funds in particular for restrictions .
european stock exchanges wilted tuesday , with the london ftse ### index losing #.## percent to close at #,###.## points .
the families of victims of senegal 's `` joola '' ferry disaster , africa 's worst maritime accident , on tuesday hailed a french judge for issuing international arrest warrants for nine senegalese officials .
a bus hit a stray elephant on a central mexican highway early tuesday , killing the driver and the animal and injuring four passengers , said a spokeswoman for the local authorities .
us president george w. bush on tuesday promised world leaders fearful of a global economic meltdown that washington would implement a financial bailout package `` in the urgent timeframe required .
british prime minister gordon brown sought tuesday to quell critics in his governing labor party by pledging to provide a `` rock of stability '' in the current global financial crisis .
democratic presidential hopeful barack obama is ahead in four battleground states , according to a quinnipiac university poll out tuesday that suggested obama could be benefiting from turmoil on wall street .
swiss banking giant credit suisse on tuesday said it was holding `` active discussions '' with clients to whom it had sold lehman brothers-backed structured products but ruled out repaying any losses .
japan 's nomura holdings said tuesday it will buy lehman brothers ' operations in europe and the middle east , sharply raising its global presence after acquiring the fallen wall street titan 's asian side .
hamas on tuesday hailed a jerusalem attack in which a palestinian man slammed his car into a group of soldiers , wounding ## , before he was shot dead .
nearly a million employees of india 's public sector banks were set to strike from wednesday to protest against moves to merge state-run institutions and demand better wages , a union leader said .
british prime minister gordon brown sought tuesday to quell critics in his governing labor party by pledging to provide a `` rock of stability '' in the current global financial crisis .
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke and treasury secretary henry paulson urged congress tuesday to swiftly pass a ###-billion-dollar wall street bailout , warning the entire us economy was at risk .
the chinese company whose tainted baby milk triggered a food safety crisis that has seen ##,### children fall ill failed to report complaints about the product for months , state media said tuesday .
the european union condemned tuesday the sudanese military 's use of white aircraft in strife-torn darfur , calling it a deliberate attempt to create confusion with un planes .
us president george w. bush telephoned the dalai lama on tuesday to convey concern about his health and express his `` great esteem '' for tibet 's exiled spiritual leader , the white house said .
the german industrial group siemens unveiled a foundation tuesday to coordinate its philanthropic activities , on the eve of the trial of a former executive charged with breach of trust .
the united states has given ethiopia ### million dollars to boost its health and education services , the us embassy said here on tuesday .
top us finance chiefs pressed congress tuesday to back a sweeping rescue package for troubled banks , warning of damaging consequences if it failed to act quickly , but markets were again assailed by doubt and stock prices under pressure .
french president nicolas sarkozy said tuesday that those who <unk> people 's savings should be `` punished .
french president nicolas sarkozy , current head of the european union , called tuesday for a `` joint economic community '' between europe and russia .
french prosecutors have started building a case against six alleged somali pirates captured in the indian ocean this month in a commando operation to rescue a couple held aboard a hijacked yacht .
brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva tuesday called for a reform of multilateral institutions to enable them to prevent future financial crises .
french president nicolas sarkozy called tuesday for an international summit by year-end to learn lessons from the world financial crisis and rebuild a `` regulated capitalism .
hamas on tuesday claimed responsibility for a jerusalem attack in which a palestinian man slammed his car into a group of soldiers , wounding ## , before he was shot dead .
italian members of a european union observer mission landed in georgia on tuesday , the first major group of observers to arrive in the country since last month 's conflict with russia , afp witnessed .
democratic presidential hopeful barack obama is ahead in four battleground states , according to a quinnipiac university poll out tuesday that suggested obama could be benefiting from turmoil on wall street .
us president george w. bush on tuesday assailed russia 's invasion of georgia as a violation of the un charter 's safeguards of `` the equal rights of nations large and small .
eu commission chief jose manuel barroso expressed shock at the `` horrific shooting '' at a finnish trade school tuesday when a gunman killed ## people before turning the weapon on himself .
european business people and holiday-makers could pay less to use their mobile phones while abroad in the european union if eu plans unveiled tuesday live up to their aims .
five suspects in the us-led `` war on terror '' were able to see their relatives tuesday in the first face-to-face visits at a us military detention center in afghanistan , the red cross said .
germany 's top trade union said tuesday it wants an eight percent pay hike for #.# million workers in the key metal and electronics industries , the biggest increase it has sought in ## years .
pakistani troops backed by helicopter gunships killed ## taliban and al-qaeda militants near the afghan border , just days after the marriott hotel was bombed , officials said tuesday .
an afghan reporter held for nearly a year at us military bases in afghanistan vowed on tuesday to fight for redress , alleging he was tortured while being detained without charge .
us president george w. bush accused syria and iran tuesday of sponsoring terrorism and said that such violence `` has no place in the modern world '' in his farewell speech to the un general assembly .
president george w. bush said tuesday he had reassured worried world leaders at the un general assembly he was `` confident '' the us congress would quickly act to rescue the crisis-hit us economy .
brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva tuesday called for a reform of multilateral institutions to enable them to prevent future financial crises .
a new sports daily with a special focus on football is to hit the newsstands in france , the first newcomer in more than a decade to the country 's struggling press industry , the publisher said tuesday .
nomura holdings said tuesday it will buy the european and middle eastern equities and investment banking operations of lehman brothers for an undisclosed sum .
syrian president bashar al-assad said on tuesday that more time is needed for preparatory feelers through turkey before the relaunch of direct peace talks with israel .
the british embassy 's former spokesman in bosnia has been charged with possessing child pornography on his computer , a prosecutor said tuesday .
nomura holdings said tuesday it will buy the european and middle eastern equities and investment banking operations of lehman brothers for an undisclosed sum .
former hungary football manager rudolf <unk> died in budapest on tuesday aged ## , his former <unk> sports club announced .
nomura holdings said tuesday it will buy the european and middle eastern equities and investment banking operations of lehman brothers for an undisclosed sum .
lawyers for hissene habre dismissed tuesday as `` judicial persecution '' a new lawsuit against the former chadian president accusing him of crimes against humanity and torture during his time in office .
us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke and treasury secretary henry paulson urged congress tuesday to swiftly pass a ###-billion-dollar financial bailout or put the economy at risk .
romania 's suspended labor minister paul <unk> tuesday rejected as `` political '' corruption accusations and vowed to clear his name to `` resume work as quickly as possible .
police in eastern france on tuesday arrested two armed spaniards , a man and a woman , suspected of belonging to the basque separatist group eta , judicial officials said .
british police launched an arson investigation tuesday after a possible petrol bomb attack on the iranian embassy in london , a spokesman said .
italy has returned to greece the ` palermo fragment ' , a marble piece of the athens parthenon missing for nearly ### years , officials said tuesday .
an american soldier was killed in a small arms attack just south of baghdad on tuesday , the us military said .
royal dutch shell has formally signed a gas joint venture with an iraqi state - owned company estimated to be worth four billion dollars , a top government oil official said on tuesday .
un chief ban ki-moon on tuesday kicked off the un general assembly 's annual debate , calling for `` global leadership '' as he pressed world leaders not to pursue narrow national interests in the face of hard economic times .
china on tuesday rejected us accusations that religious repression was intensifying here and urged washington to stop interfering in its domestic affairs .
un chief ban ki-moon on tuesday kicked off the un general assembly 's annual debate , calling for `` global leadership '' as he pressed world leaders not to pursue narrow national interests in the face of hard economic times .
bulgarian police tuesday arrested the vice-president of the bulgarian state agency for youth and sports ivan <unk> for alleged match fixing during the ####-#### national football championships .
a german doctor working in switzerland has resigned after press reports revealed his neo-nazi past , his former employer said tuesday .
spain agreed tuesday to hand over to morocco a man convicted over the #### madrid train bombings so he can also be tried in connection with #### suicide attacks in casablanca .
the us economy is in imminent peril if congress delays approving a ###-billion - dollar rescue , treasury secretary henry paulson warned tuesday as global markets rang the alarm .
italy will send four tornado jets to afghanistan for reconnaissance missions to back up the international force that includes #,### italian soldiers , the defense minister said tuesday .
museum authorities at the former nazi german auschwitz-birkenau death camp in poland said tuesday they had published their first-ever guide for blind and other visually-impaired visitors .
us federal reserve chairman ben bernanke and treasury secretary henry paulson urged congress tuesday to swiftly pass a ###-billion-dollar financial bailout or put the economy at risk .
canada 's inflation climbed to a five-year high of #.# percent in august from a year earlier , largely due to higher gasoline prices , statistics canada said tuesday .
slovakia and the united states have successfully wrapped up negotiations to clear the way for slovaks to travel to america without first seeking a visa , the interior ministry said on tuesday .
a gunman went on a rampage inside a finnish trade school on tuesday , killing nine people before shooting himself in a failed bid to commit suicide , government and local officials said .
georgia on tuesday claimed to have shot down a russian drone near one of its rebel regions and a key east-west pipeline , as president mikheil saakashvili was to address the united nations .
pakistani troops backed by helicopter gunships killed ## taliban and al-qaeda militants near the afghan border , just days after the marriott hotel was bombed , officials said tuesday .
lawmakers in the european parliament voted on tuesday in favor of eu legislation to improve regulation of financial markets in a bid to avert future crises .
us president george w. bush telephoned the dalai lama on tuesday to express concerns about his health and express his `` great esteem '' for tibet 's exiled spiritual leader , the white house said .
indian shares fell #.## percent on tuesday in nervous trade on concerns that the us government 's bailout plan to help contain the financial crisis could be delayed , dealers said .
the us economy is in imminent peril if congress delays approving a ###-billion - dollar rescue , treasury secretary henry paulson warned congress tuesday as global markets rang the alarm .
a mother was jailed by a british court tuesday after biting her five-year-old son in a `` revenge '' attack because he had hurt his baby sister .
british prime minister gordon brown hoped to silence critics tuesday with a make-or-break speech to the labor party conference , which is convulsed with talk of plotting against him .
us president george w. bush telephoned the dalai lama on tuesday to express concerns about his health and express his `` great esteem '' for tibet 's <unk> spiritual leader , the white house said .
the european commission launched a new drive on tuesday to cut the cost of using mobile phones across borders in europe with plans to regulate the price of sending text messages while abroad .
a gunman went on a rampage inside a finnish trade school on tuesday , killing nine people , amid reports that he had turned his gun on himself .
some ## tamil tigers were killed in ground fighting across sri lanka 's north , where troops are trying to wrest control of the rebel capital of kilinochchi , the defense ministry said tuesday .
world oil prices dipped slightly on tuesday in choppy deals as traders banked profits , one day after new york crude had soared more than ## dollars for its biggest-ever daily jump .
shares in swiss banks tumbled tuesday as investors grew doubtful about a plan by the us authorities to bailout the struggling financial sector .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on tuesday amid doubts about a us rescue plan to help curb the global financial crisis , dealers said .
the chinese company whose tainted baby milk triggered a food safety crisis that has seen ##,### children fall ill failed to report complaints about the product for months , state media said tuesday .
germany 's top trade union said on tuesday it wants an eight percent pay hike for #.# million workers in the key metal and electronics industries , the biggest increase it has sought in ## years .
myanmar 's junta on tuesday released its longest-serving political prisoner as part of an amnesty for more than #,### inmates , but he immediately vowed to continue to fight the ruling generals .
germany 's top trade union said on tuesday it wants an eight percent pay hike for #.# million workers in the key metal and electronics industries , the biggest increase it has sought in ## year .
global markets sent a warning tuesday that the clock is ticking for a ### - billion-dollar us rescue plan , with stocks again dropping amid political crossfire in washington over the wall street bailout .
world oil prices dipped slightly on tuesday in choppy deals as traders banked profits , one day after new york crude had soared more than ## dollars for its biggest-ever daily jump .
france will thursday cut the ribbon on europe 's highest vertical lift bridge , soaring ## metres -lrb- ### feet -rrb- above the seine in the northwestern river port of rouen .
chinese share prices closed down #.## percent on tuesday on profit-taking following a series of government efforts to boost the market , dealers said .
an iranian rights group on tuesday criticised the islamic republic 's treatment of prisoners of conscience and called for an end to the execution of offenders who committed capital crimes as minors .
two more children in hong kong were found to have a kidney stone after drinking tainted chinese milk , authorities here said , as the fall-out from the food safety scandal escalates .
the united nations refugee agency said tuesday it was seeking ##.# million dollars -lrb- ##.# million euros -rrb- to help more than ###,### people forced from their homes in pakistan by floods and fighting .
a group of campaigners who sailed to the gaza strip last month in symbolic defiance of an israeli blockade said on tuesday they plan to return this week with more medical supplies .
a mother was jailed by a british court tuesday after biting her five-year-old son in a `` revenge '' attack because he had hurt his baby sister .
centre-left parties in the ##-nation european parliament are planning a single , bloc-wide campaign for next year 's elections to the eu chamber , poland 's social democrats announced on tuesday .
bangladesh shops are still selling potentially tainted milk powder , an official said tuesday , despite a ban of some chinese brands because the products could be contaminated with melamine .
suspected separatist militants killed an army ranger and a hospital janitor tuesday in separate attacks in thailand 's restive south , police said .
myanmar 's junta on tuesday released its longest-serving political prisoner as part of an amnesty for more than #,### inmates , but he immediately vowed to continue to fight the ruling generals .
georgia on tuesday claimed to have shot down a russian drone near the south ossetia rebel region and a key east-west pipeline , as president mikheil saakashvili was to address the united nations .
the united arab emirates ' main telecom operator etisalat said on tuesday it has signed a deal to acquire nearly half of new indian mobile operator swan telecom for ### million dollars .
at least three people were killed in roadside bomb attacks across iraq on tuesday after insurgents bombed the house of a sunni mp in the northern city of mosul in a separate attack , officials said .
the dollar rose against the euro and yen on tuesday as traders awaited more details on a us government plan to buy mortgage-related assets at the root of a global financial crisis , dealers said .
malaysian share prices fell #.# percent tuesday due to wall street 's overnight plunge and doubts over the us rescue plans for its troubled banking sector , dealers said .
the dollar rose against the euro and yen on tuesday as traders awaited more details on a us government plan to buy mortgage-related assets at the root of a global financial crisis , dealers said .
typhoon hagupit lashed hong kong with heavy rain and strong winds tuesday evening , suspending flights and disrupting public transport as workers hurried home .
egypt has sent a team to sudan to try to secure the release of ## people including european tourists kidnapped in the remote south and taken into the sudanese desert , a security official said on tuesday .
a croatian crackdown that has seen more than ### people arrested over the sale of university diplomas is aimed at weeding out corruption , a key precondition for eu membership , analysts said .
indian shares fell #.## percent on tuesday in nervous trade on concerns that the us government 's bailout plan to help contain the financial crisis could be delayed , dealers said .
the european court 's top advisor on tuesday rejected a rights group 's claim that british retirement law , under which the over-##s can be forced to stop working , breaks eu law .
stopping practices such as cronyism and embezzlement can save lives in poor countries , a graft watchdog said tuesday as somalia , iraq and myanmar again came bottom in its global corruption rankings .
israeli media on tuesday raised fears of a growing trend of attacks by palestinians from east jerusalem after a man rammed his car into a group of soldiers , injuring ## people before being shot dead .
he is nicknamed `` brains '' , has left-wing politics in his blood and is loved by the labor faithful , but david miliband insists he does not want a coup against prime minister gordon brown .
a gunman went on a rampage inside a finnish trade school on tuesday , killing an unknown number of people , fire officials said amid reports that he had turned his gun on himself .
global equities fell heavily again on tuesday in the cross-fire of controversy and uncertainty over a ###-billion-dollar us rescue for financial markets and after a fresh spike in crude oil prices .
five suspects in the us-led `` war on terror '' were able to see their relatives tuesday in the first face-to-face visits at a us military detention center in afghanistan , the red cross said .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on tuesday amid doubts about a us rescue plan to help curb the global financial crisis , dealers said .
the european central bank said tuesday it had allotted ### billion euros -lrb- ### billion dollars -rrb- during a regular weekly refinancing operation that saw strong demand for central bank cash .
police in eastern france on tuesday arrested two armed spaniards , a man and a woman , suspected of belonging to the basque separatist group eta , judicial officials said .
myanmar 's junta on tuesday freed ##-year-old journalist and activist win tin , the longest-serving political prisoner in the military-ruled nation , an afp correspondent witnessed .
london mayor boris johnson defended tuesday the `` masters of the universe '' bankers left jobless by the global financial crisis , blasting `` <unk> <unk> '' from critics of their excesses .
hammer wielding assailants attacked and seriously injured the editor of a bulgarian news website in the capital sofia , the government said tuesday .
indonesian stocks fell #.# percent tuesday on profit-taking amid bearish global sentiment over the ongoing financial turmoil in the united states , dealers said .
taiwan 's export orders in august rose #.## percent from a year earlier , the slowest growth in five years , the government said tuesday .
egypt has sent a team to sudan to try to secure the release of ## people including european tourists kidnapped in the remote south and taken into the sudanese desert , a security official said on tuesday .
pakistani troops backed by helicopter gunships killed ## taliban and al-qaeda militants near the afghan border , just days after the marriott hotel was bombed , officials said tuesday .
indonesian stocks fell #.# percent tuesday on profit-taking amid bearish global sentiment over the ongoing financial turmoil in the united states , dealers said .
world oil prices slumped three dollars tuesday as traders banked profits after the new york futures contract soared more than ## dollars for its biggest one - day gain in history .
myanmar 's junta on tuesday freed ##-year-old journalist and activist win tin , the longest-serving political prisoner in the military-ruled nation , an afp correspondent witnessed .
mozambique 's former interior minister <unk> <unk> has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of millions of dollars during his time in office , independent <unk> television reported .
malaysian share prices fell #.# percent tuesday due to wall street 's overnight plunge and doubts over the us rescue plans for its troubled banking sector , dealers said .
georgian forces have shot down an unmanned russian reconnaissance drone that was flying over a key oil pipeline in the caucasus nation , the georgian interior ministry said on tuesday .
hong kong shares closed down #.# percent on tuesday , as markets fell across asia on growing doubts about a huge us rescue package for the ailing financial sector , dealers said .
the oecd grouping of ## leading economies welcomed the ###-billion-dollar us plan to bail out the financial system on tuesday , saying markets should stabilise as policymakers worked on the details .
the chinese company whose tainted baby milk triggered a food safety crisis that has seen ##,### children fall ill failed to report complaints about the product for months , state media said tuesday .
global equities fell heavily again on tuesday in the cross-fire of controversy and uncertainty over a ###-billion-dollar us rescue for financial markets and after a fresh spike in crude oil prices .
germany 's ig metall trade union will demand eight percent pay raises for #.# million workers in the metallurgy and electronics industries , it said tuesday .
vietnam 's foreign ministry said tuesday it had summoned a us journalist who says he was beaten by police over his coverage of ongoing protests by catholics seeking a return of land seized in the ####s .
a school shooting took place in finland on tuesday , police said , adding they feared `` many people '' had been injured as numerous shots had been fired .
a japanese film dealing with child prostitution and organ trafficking in thailand has been pulled from the sixth bangkok international film festival , organisers said tuesday .
interior ministers of iraq 's neighbors will meet in jordan next month for talks on enhancing the war-ravaged nation 's stability and `` anti-terror '' efforts , baghdad 's ambassador said on tuesday .
rankings of ### nations studied by anti-corruption watchdog transparency international for its annual corruption perceptions index , released on tuesday .
france 's ##,### local police officers will be able to carry taser stun guns under a decree published tuesday , despite calls from human rights groups for the weapon 's use to be suspended .
sri lankan president mahinda rajapakse held talks with norwegian peace facilitators , the first since colombo pulled out of a tattered truce in january , his office said tuesday .
georgian forces have shot down an unmanned russian reconnaissance drone that was flying over a key oil pipeline in the caucasus nation , the georgian interior ministry said on tuesday .
countries from indonesia to japan have announced strict checks and banned sales of chinese dairy products to contain an escalating scandal over melamine-tainted milk .
chinese share prices closed down #.## percent on tuesday on profit-taking following a series of government efforts to boost the market , dealers said .
hong kong investors who bought complex financial products backed by collapsed us investment bank lehman brothers were considering suing the institutions who sold them , a lawmaker said tuesday .
stopping bent practices such as cronyism and embezzlement can save lives in poor countries , a graft watchdog said tuesday as somalia , iraq and myanmar again came bottom in its global corruption rankings .
the trial of serb ultra-nationalist leader vojislav seselj restarted at the un 's yugoslav war crimes tribunal on tuesday after a delay over whether he could defend himself .
hong kong braced itself for severe storms on tuesday as typhoon hagupit hurtled towards the southern chinese city .
world markets slid tuesday amid mounting concerns over a massive bailout for the us financial system , as haggling over the fine print sparked investor impatience and a spike in oil and gold .
british prime minister gordon brown hoped to silence critics tuesday with a make-or-break speech to the labor party conference , which is convulsed with talk of plotting against him .
chinese dissident hu jia , belarus opposition leader alexandr kozulin and congolese abbot <unk> malu malu were shortlisted tuesday for the eu parliament 's prestigious sakharov prize .
pan-european broadcaster rtl group said tuesday it will take a ##.# percent stake in greek television company alpha media group for ###.# million euros -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- .
the german trade union ig metall will demand eight percent pay raises for #.# million workers in the metallurgy and electronics industries , it said tuesday .
hong kong shares closed down #.# percent on tuesday , as markets fell across asia on growing doubts about a huge us rescue package for the ailing financial sector , dealers said .
venezuelan president hugo chavez arrived in china on tuesday to hold talks with his counterpart hu jintao and sign a deal for combat aircraft in a visit likely to irk the united states .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from monday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
south korean shares closed #.## percent higher tuesday on expectations the us government 's plan to rescue troubled financial firms would ease market uncertainties , analysts said .
myanmar 's military government will release more than #,### prisoners so they can take part in elections promised by the ruling generals for #### , state media announced tuesday .
stopping bent practices such as cronyism and embezzlement can save lives in poor countries , a graft watchdog said tuesday as somalia , iraq and myanmar again came bottom in its global corruption rankings .
taiwan was forced to downsize a drill on tuesday simulating an air attack by china due to an upcoming typhoon , the defense ministry said .
stock markets across the nordic region fell in early trading tuesday , amid doubts over whether a drastic rescue package for the us financial sector could avert a global economic meltdown .
the world 's largest reinsurance group swiss re on tuesday said it expected net claims for hurricanes gustav and ike to reach about ### million dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- .
the indian army accused pakistan of a `` serious '' ceasefire violation along the de facto border dividing kashmir between the two nations after a gunbattle left two soldiers dead .
israeli media on tuesday raised fears of a growing trend of attacks by palestinians from east jerusalem after a man rammed his car into a group of soldiers , injuring ## people before being shot dead .
their playground is just half a mile from the world 's last cold war frontier , but only the weather casts a cloud over sports day on tuesday at <unk> elementary school .
hong kong investors who bought complex financial products backed by collapsed us investment bank lehman brothers were considering suing the institutions who sold them , a lawmaker said tuesday .
indian companies building badly needed infrastructure , seen as key to economic growth , can now borrow more abroad , the government announced , to counter a domestic borrowing crunch .
the bank of england on tuesday pumped another ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- into money markets in a bid to ease credit-crunch pressures .
chinese share prices closed down #.## percent on tuesday on profit-taking following sharp gains in the previous sessions fuelled by government supportive measures , dealers said .
south africa 's deputy president phumzile mlambo-ngcuka handed in her resignation monday , after president thabo mbeki bowed to anc party pressure to step down , her spokesman said .
new zealand 's embattled foreign minister winston peters received a rare censure from the country 's parliament on tuesday after he was found to have misled legislators over political donations .
the european central bank renewed tuesday its offer of ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- in one-day loans , it said in a statement .
hundreds of people protested tuesday in the indonesian resort island of bali against a proposed anti-pornography law .
the world 's largest <unk> website on tuesday launched an online television channel showing the lengths to which people will go for love .
german blue-chip stocks slipped in early frankfurt trading on tuesday , with the dax ## index showing a loss of #.## percent to #,###.## points .
republican vice presidential nominee sarah palin was set from tuesday to take her first tentative steps on to the world stage , with un talks with the leaders of afghanistan , pakistan and india .
france 's leading cac-## stock index fell #.## percent to #,###.## points in initial trading on tuesday as a massive rescue plan to fight the world financial crisis awaited approval by the us congress .
world leaders open their annual un debate here tuesday , with top geopolitical issues like the crisis in georgia , iran 's nuclear ambitions and rights abuses in darfur overshadowed by the global financial crisis .
he is nicknamed `` brains '' , has left-wing politics in his blood and is loved by the labor party faithful , but david miliband insists he does not want a coup against prime minister gordon brown .
european stock markets fell slightly at the start of trading on tuesday , with london 's ftse ### index of leading shares down #.## percent at #,###.## points .
france 's leading cac-## stock index fell #.## percent to #,###.## points in initial trading on tuesday as a massive rescue plan to fight the world financial crisis awaited approval by the us congress .
petrochina , the listed unit of china 's largest oil and gas producer , said its parent has increased its stake in the company after buying back ## million shanghai-listed shares .
taiwan share prices closed up #.## percent tuesday spurred by more government incentives for the market , dealers said .
malaysia 's opposition said tuesday it has begun talks over a transition of power from the ruling coalition , after it claimed to have signed up enough defectors to topple the government .
malaysia has widened its ban on chinese dairy products to include candies , chocolates and all foods containing milk , a top official said tuesday .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on tuesday amid new concerns over the us government 's bailout package for its troubled financial services sector , dealers said .
new zealand share prices fell #.## percent tuesday after falls in us markets led to a renewed bout of selling in regional bourses , dealers said .
new zealand share prices fell #.## percent tuesday after falls in us markets led to a renewed bout of selling in regional bourses , dealers said .
crude oil traded lower in asia on tuesday after the benchmark new york futures contract soared more than ## dollars for its biggest one-day gain ever .
south korean shares closed #.## percent higher tuesday on expectations the us government 's plan to rescue troubled financial firms would help ease market uncertainties , analysts said .
a suicide bomber blew up an explosives-filled vehicle near german troops in northern afghanistan on tuesday but only killed himself and caused minor damage , authorities said .
new zealand share prices fell #.## percent tuesday after falls in us markets led to a renewed bout of selling in regional bourses , dealers said .
share prices tumbled across asia on tuesday , as doubts mounted over whether a drastic rescue package for the us financial sector could avert an economic meltdown .
thirteen people , most of them israeli soldiers , were in hospital on tuesday after a palestinian rammed a car into a group of pedestrians near jerusalem 's old city , medics said .
taiwan share prices closed up #.## percent tuesday spurred by more government incentives for the market , dealers said .
venezuelan president hugo chavez arrived in china tuesday at the start of an official visit where he will hold talks with his counterpart hu jintao and sign a deal for combat aircraft .
us republican presidential candidate john mccain tuesday called on australia to help encourage greater openness in china , a nation he said had not met all the responsibilities of a global power .
myanmar 's military government announced in state media tuesday that it would release more than #,### prisoners so that they can take part in elections promised for #### .
hong kong share prices tumbled #.# percent in morning trade tuesday , as markets fell across asia on doubts over a huge us rescue package for the ailing financial sector , dealers said .
north korea on tuesday condemned us-south korean joint military exercises , amid reports that its own jet fighters staged a major drill this month .
asian share prices tumbled in early trade tuesday , as doubts mounted over whether a drastic rescue package for the us financial sector could avert an economic meltdown .
democratic white house hopeful barack obama said monday the united states will overcome the financial crisis that has sent shockwaves through wall street but acknowledged that americans are `` anxious .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on tuesday amid new concerns over the us government 's bail-out package for its troubled financial services sector , dealers said .
chinese share prices edged down #.## percent by midday tuesday on profit-taking following sharp gains in the previous sessions fuelled by government supportive measures , dealers said .
crude oil traded lower in asia on tuesday after the benchmark new york futures contract soared more than ## dollars for its biggest one-day gain ever .
secretive north korea will next month conduct its first national census in ## years with the help of a un agency and funding from south korea , officials said tuesday .
vietnam has asked local authorities to tighten controls on imported milk and suspend the sale of products of unknown origin amid china 's tainted milk scandal , an official and press reports said tuesday .
malaysia 's opposition said tuesday it has begun negotiations with the ruling coalition over a transition of power , after it claimed to have signed up enough defectors to topple the government .
they are grandmothers or <unk> with ample silhouettes and <unk> outfits , but this golden age can-can troupe has charmed the czech republic and is fully booked to #### .
declining custom , rising costs and pressure from developers are forcing five pubs to close every day in britain , but britons are fighting back to save the best of their traditional boozers .
flying low over the vast , white expanse of greenland 's <unk> glacier , one of the biggest and most active in the world , the effects of global warming in the arctic are painfully visible as the ice melts at an alarming rate .
nearly two billion people in the asia-pacific region will be at risk from dengue fever unless governments do more to fight the debilitating disease , the world health organisation said tuesday .
<unk> gupta is a man with a big vision : to take on mcdonald 's with traditional vegetarian street food from mumbai and make it as synonymous with india as a burger and fries are to the united states .
pushpa bhatia is in a dilemma as she scans the glittering gold offerings laid out on a showcase at a fancy jewellery store in the indian capital .
a second child now being treated in hong kong developed a kidney stone after drinking tainted chinese milk , authorities here said , as the fallout of the food safety scandal escalates .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad on monday justified his policy of confronting the west by saying us troops are surrounding iran .
french prosecutors on monday requested four years prison for a man accused of aiding and provoking a ##-year-old girl to commit suicide over the internet .
the philippine government on tuesday ordered an immediate ban on the sale and import of all milk products from china in the wake of a scare over contaminated infant formula .
chinese share prices were lower in tuesday morning trade as investors took profits on financial stocks that surged in the past two sessions , dealers said .
the philippine government on tuesday ordered an immediate ban on the sale and import of all milk products from china .
hong kong share prices opened down #.# percent on tuesday , following wall street 's drop on doubts over a drastic rescue package to help the ailing us financial sector , dealers said .
australian share prices fell #.# percent in morning trade tuesday after wall street plunged overnight on doubts over the effectiveness of a rescue plan for the us financial sector .
us lawmakers monday held tough negotiations on a ###-billion dollar bailout for the us economy under pressure from president george w. bush and global markets to produce quick results .
british prime minister gordon brown will seek to silence his critics tuesday with a pivotal speech to his labor party 's conference , which is convulsed with talk of a plot against him .
china 's ambitious space program is set to take a giant leap forward this week when three astronauts blast off on a mission to undertake the country 's first space walk .
south korean shares were flat in morning trade tuesday despite the surge in oil prices , amid hopes us lawmakers would swiftly approve a ###-billion-dollar financial bailout package .
china 's shenzhou vii spacecraft will carry three astronauts into orbit this week to undertake the nation 's first space walk .
after nearly half a century , china 's space program will this week attempt its first space walk during the mission of the shenzhou vii , the nation 's third manned space flight .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from monday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from monday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
a un summit on africa 's development wrapped up here monday with a call on rich countries to honor their pledge to double their annual aid to the continent , which is struggling to meet poverty reduction goals by #### .
crude oil traded mixed in asia on tuesday after the benchmark new york futures contract soared more than ## dollars for its biggest one-day gain ever .
the conversion of goldman sachs and morgan stanley to regulated commercial banks marks the end of an era of independent wall street investment firms and a separation in the industry since the ####s .
us president george w. bush meets for the first time tuesday with pakistan 's new president and looks to reassure worried world leaders about his embattled rescue plan for the battered us economy .
australia , peru and vietnam have expressed interest in joining a budding asia - pacific <unk> plan which received a boost monday with the participation of the united states , officials said .
the un security council on monday extended for one year the mandate of nato-led multinational forces battling extremists in afghanistan , but voiced concern about the high number of civilian casualties .
argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner announced monday that she received a `` more than interesting offer '' from three banks to pay off defaulted argentine government bonds .
us lawmakers monday held tough negotiations on a ###-billion dollar bailout for the us economy under pressure from president george w. bush and global markets to produce quick results .
australian share prices fell #.# percent in early trade tuesday after wall street plunged overnight on doubts over the effectiveness of a rescue plan for the us financial sector .
british police launched an arson investigation tuesday after an apparent petrol bomb attack at the iranian embassy in london .
colombia has signed contracts with nine oil companies worth ### billion dollars to explore for oil near the border with venezuela , the national oil and gas agency announced wednesday .
barack obama surged into a lead of six or more points in two new national polls released wednesday , as survey data revealed fresh signs that the financial crisis was hurting his foe john mccain .
panama 's government on wednesday announced it was stepping in to impose a minimum , ##-day freeze on gasoline and other soaring fuel prices .
dozens of homophobic hooligans attacked participants of bosnia 's first-ever gay rights festival in sarajevo on wednesday , leaving at least eight people injured , said police .
democrats in house of representatives and senate are working together to `` rebut '' the government 's bailout plan for wall street , a spokesman for house financial services committee chairman barney frank said wednesday .
the archbishop of york condemned as `` bank robbers '' wednesday the traders who helped drive down the share price of hbos before it was taken over , and warned markets operate in a fantasy world .
two suspects were arrested during an investigation into an alleged plot to assassinate president hugo chavez and launch a military coup , venezuelan interior minister tarek el aissami said wednesday .
fans of sarah palin can have the republican vice presidential nominee waving at them from the wall of their living room thanks to a us company that on wednesday launched life-sized palin wall stickers .
china wednesday donated ###,### dollars to cuba hit by hurricanes ike and gustav boosting its total aid to the island to more than one million dollars , chinese ambassador zhao rong xian said .
dozens of homophobic hooligans attacked participants of bosnia 's first-ever gay rights festival in sarajevo on wednesday , leaving at least two journalists and one police officer injured .
democrat barack obama rebuffed white house rival john mccain 's call to postpone the first presidential debate , and implied his republican rival was playing politics at a time of crisis .
the dollar firmed slightly against the euro wednesday in a market focused on the fate of a massive us government bailout plan facing stiff opposition in congress .
a massive bank bailout plan failed to gain traction in the us congress wednesday as officials pressed for quick passage and the white house warned of a `` calamity '' if no action is taken .
a massive bank bailout plan failed to gain traction in the us congress wednesday as officials pressed for quick passage and the white house warned of a `` calamity '' if no action is taken .
digg , a popular news-sharing website , announced major expansion plans on wednesday -- hiring more staff , rolling out new products and launching services in languages besides english .
the un security council on wednesday unanimously approved a resolution extending until next march ## the mandate of the un mission in the central african republic and chad -lrb- minurcat -rrb- .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice on wednesday began her first talks with her russian counterpart sergei lavrov since us-russian relations plummeted over the war in georgia last month .
us president george w. bush on wednesday hailed iraq 's parliament for passing a provincial election law , calling it a critical step in political reconciliation in the strife-torn country .
global stocks wobbled wednesday as a sweeping us banking sector rescue plan remained in limbo despite warnings that inaction could lead to a new financial calamity .
german automaker daimler said wednesday it wanted to sell its remaining ##.#-percent interest in its former us subsidiary chrysler to private equity firm cerberus , which last year acquired a majority stake in chrysler from daimler .
ireland 's justice minister vowed wednesday to help in the search for one of the most notorious members of the basque separatist group eta , who may be in dublin after his recent release from jail .
finland vowed wednesday to toughen gun laws after a school massacre left ## people dead , while the police faced scathing criticism for questioning the killer over a chilling youtube warning only to release him on the eve of the tragedy .
organizers said wednesday they were going ahead as planned with the first #### us presidential debate , despite republican john mccain 's call to postpone the event in the face of the wall street crisis .
organizers said wednesday they were going ahead as planned with the first #### us presidential debate , despite republican john mccain 's call to postpone the event in the face of the wall street crisis .
eidur gudjohnsen is a bit part player at barcelona but the icelandic international showed his worth with an ##th minute winner as barca defeated real betis #-# to notch their first home win this season .
a court in cameroon has sentenced <unk> de <unk> , a popular musician known for making songs critical of the government , to three years in prison for participating in riots , his lawyer said wednesday .
republican john mccain said wednesday he was suspending his white house campaign and asked to put off friday 's presidential debate as he headed back to washington to help tackle the us financial crisis .
google is marking its ##th anniversary by offering ## million dollars to back world changing ideas .
crude oil prices dipped wednesday after the us government reported a sharp drop in consumption , stoking worries about demand in the world 's largest energy consumer .
south african leader thabo mbeki held a final cabinet meeting wednesday on the eve of a parliamentary vote that will see the swearing in of the country 's third post-apartheid president .
un chief ban ki-moon on wednesday hailed adoption of a provincial electoral law by the iraqi parliament as an `` important step forward '' that should lead to political normalization .
canada faces a possible housing and mortgage meltdown similar to the crunch devastating the us economy , warned a study on wednesday that was quickly spurned by the prime minister .
us , european union , japanese and norwegian envoys met here wednesday to discuss the latest fighting in sri lanka , including the need for both sides to protect civilians , a us diplomat said .
the iraqi parliament finally passed a provincial election law on wednesday , setting a january ## deadline for a vote to allow more power to be handed to the country 's divided communities .
barack obama 's white house campaign said wednesday it was working with republican rival john mccain to forge a united stand on the us financial crisis .
us existing home sales fell an unexpected #.# percent in august after two months of gains , industry data showed wednesday , signaling no end in sight to the country 's worst housing slump in decades .
us lawmakers struggled wednesday to find a compromise on a proposed financial rescue package , amid deep skepticism from some and fears that a lack of action could trigger a financial market calamity .
republican john mccain said wednesday he was suspending his white house campaign and asked to put off friday 's presidential debate so he could return to washington to help tackle the us financial crisis .
ukrainian president viktor yushchenko on wednesday rejected russian pressure to prevent his country from joining nato .
afghanistan president hamid karzai called on wednesday for more international aid of his country 's army and police , saying it would help reduce the need for nato-led forces and lower civilian casualties .
google has released a kit for software developers to create fun , hip or functional programs for the `` <unk> '' due out next month in a direct challenge to apple 's hot-selling iphone .
poland 's governing liberal civic platform -lrb- po -rrb- wednesday announced a draft law aimed at slashing the state pensions of communist-era leaders like general wojciech jaruzelski and secret police agents .
republican john mccain said wednesday he was suspending his white house campaign and asked to put off friday 's presidential debate as he returned to washington to help tackle the us financial crisis .
the pentagon warned potential adversaries against trying to take advantage of the us financial meltdown , expressing confidence congress will fund the us military `` through good times and bad .
european commission chief jose manuel barroso on wednesday urged the next us president to work with the eu to confront challenges like the financial crisis , ties with russia and climate change .
us president george w. bush on wednesday hailed iraq 's parliament for passing a provincial election law , calling it a critical step in political reconciliation in the strife-torn country .
the international monetary fund has seen `` serious budgetary <unk> '' in senegal linked to a large number of unpaid bills to the private sector , according to a statement received on wednesday .
the tate modern gallery in london will shine a light friday on ## works by the abstract expressionist painter mark rothko , in the first major exhibition of his work in britain for more than ## years .
a former russian lawmaker and member of a powerful chechen clan at odds with chechnya 's pro-russian leader was gunned down wednesday in downtown moscow , an interior ministry spokesman said .
us president george w. bush on wednesday hailed iraq 's parliament for passing a provincial election law , calling it a critical step in political reconciliation in the strife-torn country .
ukrainian president viktor yushchenko on wednesday rejected russian pressure to prevent his country from joining nato .
french journalist pierre <unk> broke down in tears wednesday on the second day of his trial for inciting hatred in a book on the rwandan genocide after he was compared to a famous holocaust denier .
barack obama 's running mate joseph biden launched a scathing attack on their white house rival john mccain 's foreign policy judgment wednesday ahead of the first presidential debate .
south african president thabo mbeki held his last cabinet meeting wednesday , as parliament prepared to name a successor following his ouster in a bitter feud within the ruling party .
the financial regulator in dubai said on wednesday it had fined a local investment bank for attempting to manipulate share prices on the stock market in march .
veteran funnyman billy crystal is to star in his first film in more than six years with a role in the comedy `` tooth fairy '' , entertainment industry press reports said wednesday .
cycling legend lance armstrong said wednesday he would join kazakhstan 's astana team for his competitive comeback -- but he did n't promise an eighth tour de france victory .
pakistan 's army said wednesday it was investigating the crash of a suspected unmanned us spy plane near the afghan border amid claims by tribesmen they had shot it down .
the complete remains of what could be at least ### victims of the srebrenica massacre have been exhumed from a mass grave in bosnia , a forensic expert said wednesday .
israeli president shimon peres on wednesday blasted iran , accusing the islamic republic of being `` at the center of violence and fanaticism , '' during an address to the un general assembly .
freed myanmar dissident win tin said wednesday two decades of torture and isolation in jail had not dented his determination to fight on for the political prisoners held by his country 's military regime .
german automaker daimler said wednesday it wanted to sell its remaining ##.# percent interest in its former us subsidiary chrysler to private equity firm cerberus , which last year acquired a majority stake in chrysler from daimler .
finnish police faced accusations wednesday they could have prevented a massacre if they had detained the culprit or taken away his gun license when they quizzed him over a youtube warning .
cycling legend lance armstrong said wednesday he would join kazakhstan 's astana team for his competitive comeback -- but he did n't promise an eighth tour de france victory .
an argentine tourist got the city name right , but the continent wrong when she booked a vacation to australia , and found herself in easternmost canada this week , said local media .
gary cooper , clark gable , joan crawford , spencer tracy , bob hope , henry fonda and other stars of hollywood 's `` golden age '' were paid millions of dollars in today 's money for promoting cigarettes , a study published on thursday said .
top international envoy in bosnia miroslav lajcak warned bosnian serbs wednesday against witholding information from state authorities , saying it <unk> with judicial independence .
officials at a us christian college have launched an investigation after a cardboard effigy of democratic presidential candidate barack obama was hung from a tree , a statement said wednesday .
the mideast quartet is `` losing its grip '' on the peace process and must radically revise its approach , a group of prominent aid agencies said thursday ahead of a meeting of the four powers .
a devout muslim was on wednesday given a ##-week prison sentence , suspended for ## months , for forcing two teenagers to flog themselves until their backs bled during a shiite religious ceremony .
here is a list of the millennium development goals , eight targets set by world leaders at a #### summit to reduce global poverty by #### and which will be discussed at a high-level un summit thursday .
the european parliament on wednesday called for the eu negotiate a free trade deal with india by the end of the year , though several voiced concerns over human rights abuses , in particular against christians .
the european parliament on wednesday backed a range of telecom measures aimed at giving consumers better rights and boosting competition among operators , but some components were watered down .
finland is known for social equality and top-notch schools but spiralling violence and individualism have exposed stark contradictions , after its second school massacre in under a year .
us lawmakers struggled wednesday to find a compromise on a proposed financial rescue package , amid deep skepticism from some and fears that a lack of action could trigger a financial market calamity .
finland is known for social equality and top-notch schools but spiralling violence and individualism have exposed stark contradictions , after its second school massacre in under a year .
un chief ban ki-moon was thursday to host a summit here to galvanize world support for achieving key poverty-reduction goals by #### despite soaring energy and food prices compounded by the financial crisis .
the mandate of the united nations ' independent expert on human rights in sudan was renewed for six months wednesday , despite khartoum branding her an `` agent '' of the european union .
armenia has voiced its support for plans within the european bank for reconstruction and development to invest in turkey , a bank spokesman told afp on wednesday .
cycling legend lance armstrong confirmed wednesday he would join kazakhstan 's astana team for his competitive comeback -- but he did n't promise an eighth tour de france victory .
work is set to begin next year on an annexe to the louvre museum in the gritty post-industrial north of france , after the project was hit by a string of delays , officials said wednesday .
global banking giant hsbc on wednesday said its sri lankan unit has arranged a ## million dollar loan to enable a local mobile phone company to expand and upgrade its network .
un chief ban ki-moon on wednesday hailed the release seven political prisoners in myanmar as part of an amnesty for more than #,### inmates but insisted that all politial detainees must be freed .
barack obama capitalized on financial turmoil and surged to a nine point lead in a new national poll which wednesday revealed new signs that the crisis was hurting his foe john mccain .
a former magistrate who later worked as a defense investigator at the war crimes tribunal for the rwanda genocide was on wednesday jailed for life by the court .
finland vowed wednesday to toughen gun laws after a school massacre left ## people dead , while police faced scathing criticism for questioning the killer over a chilling youtube warning only to release him on the eve of the tragedy .
stock markets in europe and the united states tottered wednesday as clouds gathered over prospects for a sweeping us financial sector rescue plan that has sparked stiff resistance from us lawmakers .
oil prices dipped on wednesday , erasing earlier gains and continuing this week 's roller-coaster ride , as traders set aside news that us crude inventories plunged last week .
thirty officers of france 's gendarmerie arrived in georgia on wednesday as part of a european union mission to help implement last month 's peace deal with russia , afp witnessed .
a lethal mix of rain , hail and strong winds pounded burundi , killing three people , injuring five others and destroying more than ### homes , local officials said wednesday .
us political leaders are playing a high-stakes game of political brinksmanship over an economic rescue deal , probing for cues from both the other side and the white house contenders .
lithuanian prosecutors said wednesday they are dropping a war crimes investigation of an israeli holocaust historian who served with soviet forces in the baltic state .
honey , used in tea or hot water in canada for generations to soothe sore throats , could soon be substituted for antibiotics in fighting stubborn ear , nose and throat infections , according to a new study .
the italian cinema association has chosen `` gomorrah , '' a hard-hitting expose of southern italy 's camorra mafia , to vie for best foreign film at next year 's oscars , the organization said wednesday .
cycling legend lance armstrong confirmed wednesday he would join kazakhstan 's astana team for his competitive comeback .
ehud olmert , who stepped down as israel 's prime minister , will be questioned next week for the <unk> time since claims of graft emerged in may , the police said on wednesday .
the dollar was little changed against the euro wednesday , trading in narrow ranges as players waited to see if a massive us government bank bailout plan would get through congress quickly .
germany 's dz bank and <unk> bank , the country 's two biggest cooperative banks , said wednesday they had agreed on the broad outlines for a merger to take place next year .
georgia 's president mikheil saakashvili wednesday praised john mccain as an `` inspiration '' as he and ukrainian leader viktor yushchenko met the republican candidate and his running mate sarah palin .
western countries hit out at iran here on wednesday over its refusal to disprove allegations of past nuclear weapons work and for pursuing uranium enrichment in defiance of un demands .
gunmen ambushed and killed ## policemen and eight anti-qaeda fighters in diyala province north of baghdad on wednesday as rebel violence continued despite a security force crackdown .
the intensity of the sun 's <unk> solar wind has dropped to its lowest levels since accurate records began half a century ago , scientists say .
europe does not need a us-style bailout plan for the financial sector , top eu officials said wednesday , limiting their response to the current crisis to calls for tougher regulation .
the united states on wednesday welcomed the passage of a long-delayed provincial election law by the iraqi parliament , saying it showed the country 's fledgling democracy was making progress .
us lawmakers struggled wednesday to find a compromise on a proposed financial rescue package , amid deep skepticism from some and fears that a lack of action could trigger a financial market calamity .
european stock markets closed in negative territory wednesday , with the london ftse ### index shedding #.## percent at #,###.## points .
automakers will be required to equip new car models throughout the european union with special daytime lights from #### in a bid to cut down on road accidents , the european commission announced wednesday .
us stocks held modest gains wednesday amid jitters over a government financial rescue package being debated in congress for a second day .
lithuanian prosecutors said wednesday they are dropping a war crimes investigation of an israeli holocaust historian who served with soviet forces in the baltic state .
archaeologists have found the bust of pharaoh ramses ii in egypt 's nile delta , culture minister faruq hosni said wednesday , bringing experts closer to finding a temple belonging to the king .
liberal leader kaj leo <unk> emerged at the head of a new coalition government in the faroe islands , parliament announced wednesday , a week after the collapse of the last coalition .
western countries hit out at iran here on wednesday over its refusal to disprove allegations of past nuclear weapons work and for pursuing uranium enrichment in defiance of un demands .
israeli police announced on wednesday the smashing of a `` terrorist cell '' from east jerusalem believed responsible for the killing of two border policemen and of preparing other attacks .
liberal leader kaj leo johannessen emerged at the head of a new coalition government in the faroe islands , parliament announced wednesday , a week after the collapse of the last coalition .
more than ## million europeans will buy tickets this week in the hope of scooping the ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- up for grabs in friday 's super euromillions draw , the lottery said wednesday .
german media group prosiebensat .# warned on wednesday it would miss financial targets this year because of the weak television advertising market .
us cycling legend lance armstrong vowed wednesday to dedicate his competitive comeback to the fight against cancer , which he himself overcame a decade ago .
finnish police faced scathing criticism wednesday , amid accusations they could have prevented the country 's second school massacre in less than a year if they had been more proactive .
jittery markets struggled wednesday , torn between fear and hope as us lawmakers wrangled over a huge rescue plan for the financial system , the federal reserve offered more crisis aid and the imf sounded a warning .
hundreds of thousands of poor farmers in africa and central america are to benefit from a joint scheme by the un world food program and the bill gates foundation designed to help them boost their incomes , a un statement said wednesday .
twenty-one eritrean and somali refugees , including women and children , are feared to have drowned when their boat capsized in a river in east sudan , the un refugee agency -lrb- unhcr -rrb- said on wednesday .
us existing-home sales fell a steeper-than-expected #.# percent in august , industry data showed wednesday , amid deepening worries over the worst real - estate slump in decades .
cuba , under a us economic embargo for four decades , won a resolution at the un human rights council wednesday urging nations to stop imposing `` unilateral coercive measures '' against other states .
serbia 's war crimes prosecutor on wednesday called for a formal investigation into a world war ii suspect accused of genocide .
the european parliament backed on wednesday a range of telecoms measures aimed at giving consumers better rights and boosting competition among operators but some aspects were watered down .
ingrid betancourt , who was freed this year after being held by colombian guerrillas for six years , said wednesday she was planning to launch a human rights foundation .
twenty more people were killed , taking to ## the death toll from floods which have destroyed tens of thousands of homes in the eastern indian state of orissa , officials said wednesday .
the iraqi parliament finally passed a provincial election law on wednesday , setting a january ## deadline for a vote to allow more power to be handed to the country 's divided communities .
a us navy security team fired shots to warn off two small boats approaching a navy supply ship off the coast of somalia , a spokesman said wednesday .
automakers will be required to equip new car models in the european union with special daytime lights from #### in a bid to cut down on road accidents , the european commission announced wednesday .
a bollywood comedy called `` hari puttar '' premiered in mumbai on wednesday after winning a legal battle against us studio warner bros over its title .
nearly a million workers of state-owned indian banks went on strike from wednesday to protest against moves to merge public sector institutions and demand better wages , union leaders said .
gunmen ambushed and killed ## policemen and eight anti-qaeda fighters in diyala province north of baghdad on wednesday as rebel violence continued despite a security force crackdown .
egyptian police have found a cache of weapons and explosives in the sinai desert which they say was destined for the gaza strip , a security official said on wednesday .
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said wednesday the us economic outlook may be `` quite adverse '' without a stabilization soon in troubled financial markets .
twenty more people were killed , taking to ## the death toll from floods which have destroyed tens of thousands of homes in the eastern indian state of orissa , officials said wednesday .
us existing-home sales fell a steeper-than-expected #.# percent in august , industry data showed wednesday , amid deepening worries over the worst real - estate slump in decades .
world stock markets were unsettled wednesday , with wall street posting slight gains at the opening and europe in decline , as a us government-backed financial rescue plan was mired in political bickering in washington .
indian police on wednesday said they had arrested five more people in connection with a string of blasts which left ## people dead and hundreds injured in two cities .
a us navy security team fired shots to warn off two small boats approaching a navy supply ship off the coast of somalia , a spokesman said wednesday .
the head of the world trade organization said wednesday that protectionism is no solution to the global financial crisis and called yet again for a deal on the wto 's moribund doha round to spur growth .
a senior official with the international monetary fund expressed concern over the democratic republic of congo 's levels of debt to china , in a report released wednesday after a ##-day visit here .
president hugo chavez of venezuela will meet dimitri medvedev of russia on thursday in southern russia , the leftist south american leader said .
us existing home sales fell a steeper-than-expected #.# percent in august , industry data showed wednesday , amid deepening worries over the worst real - estate slump in decades .
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said wednesday the us economic outlook may be `` quite adverse '' without a stabilization soon in troubled financial markets .
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said wednesday the us economic outlook may be `` quite adverse '' without a stabilization soon in troubled financial markets .
china and venezuela signed several energy agreements in beijing on wednesday that will allow the south american country to export half a million barrels of oil a day to the asian giant from #### .
bosnian serbs slammed wednesday the muslim chairman of bosnia 's tripartite presidency over his speech to the united nations , claiming he was stirring up `` political uncertainty .
hollywood star john travolta will head to france this weekend to film in a paris suburb that was at the epicentre of nationwide riots in #### , the movie 's producer said wednesday .
john mccain on wednesday contradicted the senate 's top democrat harry reid , who said the republican presidential hopeful would support a ### billion dollar wall street bailout .
hungary 's ruling socialists have postponed a special congress after opening fresh talks with former coalition partners the liberals over the government 's budget , a leading party official said wednesday .
the eu and a un agency said wednesday they have donated three million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- for the control and reduction of small arms and ammunition left over from the ####-## bosnia war .
us stocks opened modestly higher wednesday amid jitters over a government financial rescue package being debated in congress for a second straight day .
a chinese snack has been pulled from hong kong shelves after health authorities said wednesday it contained dangerous levels of the chemical at the center of a toxic milk scandal in china .
the german cabinet approved wednesday a doubling to ### the number of germans available to take part in an eu police training mission in afghanistan , a government statement said .
a hawkish member of israel 's security cabinet on wednesday urged the west to isolate iran to prevent it from acquiring nuclear weapons .
the us federal bureau of investigation confirmed wednesday that it is probing allegations of fraud by ## wall street firms , without naming investment giants believed to be under investigation .
the european commission said wednesday that it will send a mission to the middle east in early november to evaluate the problems faced by refugees from the conflict in iraq .
israel on wednesday released the head of a clan allied to palestinian president mahmud abbas 's fatah party that was driven from the gaza strip by hamas gunmen in early august .
taiwanese president ma ying-jeou on wednesday called for the creation of a food safety hotline with china in the wake of a toxic milk scare there .
a former siemens executive , johannes feldmayer , acknowledged wednesday that he paid tens of millions of euros -lrb- dollars -rrb- to a small trade union that supported the management 's goals .
liberal leader kaj leo <unk> emerged at the head of a new coalition government in the faroe islands , parliament announced wednesday , a week after the collapse of the last coalition .
finland said wednesday it would toughen gun laws after a school massacre left ## people dead , as police who questioned the killer a day before the shooting -- and then released him -- faced scathing criticism .
indian shares rose #.# percent in choppy trade wednesday , reacting to news that us tycoon warren buffett would help offset uncertainty over the us financial rescue plan worth ### billion dollars .
the iraqi parliament finally passed a provincial election law on wednesday , setting a january ## deadline for a vote to allow more power to be handed to the country 's divided communities .
pakistan 's cabinet on wednesday lashed out at the country 's intelligence agencies for `` failing miserably '' to find those responsible for a wave of violence including the marriott hotel bomb attack .
us president george w. bush on wednesday acknowledged bitter debate in the us congress over his bailout for troubled banks but predicted a strong package `` when it is all said and done .
a partnership led by russian state firm atomstroyexport on wednesday submitted the only bid in a tender to build and operate turkey 's first nuclear power plant , a senior energy official said .
the financial crisis and growing pessimism about the us economy is giving democratic candidate barack obama 's white house campaign a lift , polls showed wednesday .
internet search giant google launched its long-awaited mobile phone on tuesday , unveiling a handset developed with telecom carrier t-mobile to compete with rival apple 's hot-selling iphone .
thai share prices closed #.# percent higher on wednesday as investors welcomed news of tycoon warren buffett 's five-billion-dollar investment in goldman sachs , they said .
thailand 's new finance minister , suchart <unk> , faces the challenge of guiding the economy during both a global slowdown and protests that have battered the thai stock market .
indian police on wednesday said they arrested four more people in connection with a string of blasts which left ## people dead and hundreds injured in two cities .
pakistan 's army said wednesday that it was investigating the crash of a suspected unmanned us spy plane near the afghan border amid claims by tribesmen they had shot it down .
a novel experiment has dealt a setback to a theory that life on earth was kickstarted by bacteria that hitched a ride on space rocks .
a hawkish member of israel 's security cabinet on wednesday urged the west to isolate iran to prevent it from acquiring nuclear weapons .
france still hopes the six world powers leading an international response to iran 's nuclear program will meet this week , despite russian reluctance , the foreign ministry said wednesday .
a partnership led by russian state firm atomstroyexport on wednesday submitted the only bid in a tender to build and operate turkey 's first nuclear power plant , a senior energy official said .
iraq 's parliament on wednesday approved a controversial election law after months of debate , setting january ## as the deadline for holding elections in ## provinces .
poland 's central bank on wednesday said that it was holding its main interest rate , the minimum bank intervention rate , at #.# percent for the third month in a row .
asian stocks closed mostly up on wednesday after a massive investment by warren buffett in wall street bank goldman sachs offset concern about the ###-billion - dollar us financial rescue plan .
volkswagen , europe 's biggest automaker , said wednesday that sales fell three percent in august but were up for the year so far as a whole despite a tougher economic environment .
hong kong 's securities watchdog said wednesday it had launched an investigation into the possible mis-selling of complex financial products backed by collapsed us bank lehman brothers .
us president george w. bush on wednesday acknowledged bitter debate in the us congress over his bailout for troubled banks but promised a strong package `` when it is all said and done .
north korea has dramatically raised the stakes in its nuclear dispute with the united states , threatening to create a fresh crisis unless washington makes concessions , analysts said wednesday .
a famed turkish transsexual singer appeared in court here on wednesday to answer charges of turning the public against military service , an offence punishable by three years in prison .
kuwait plans to spend its bumper petrodollar earnings on an array of mega projects over the next five years including a new business hub dubbed silk city , according to a plan published wednesday .
leading eurozone economies are on the brink of recession as business confidence surveys released wednesday hit three - to five-year lows amid a global financial crisis , analysts said .
senior hamas leader ismail haniya cast doubt wednesday on egyptian-brokered palestinian unity talks , saying the path to dialogue with president mahmud abbas 's fatah party was `` impassable .
indian shares rose #.# percent in choppy trade wednesday , reacting to news that us tycoon warren buffett would help offset uncertainty over the us financial rescue plan worth ### billion dollars .
oil prices climbed almost two dollars on wednesday , continuing a roller-coaster ride , as the market awaited data on the health of us energy inventories .
global markets were torn by doubts over a huge us rescue plan wednesday as the fbi probed top wall street names , the federal reserve gave more crisis help and the imf chief issued a stark warning .
three chinese astronauts made final preparations wednesday for a mission that will include the nation 's first ever space walk , saying they were confident of handling what will be a difficult but historic voyage .
global markets were torn by doubts over a huge us rescue plan wednesday as the fbi probed top wall street names , the federal reserve gave more crisis help and the imf chief issued a stark warning .
iraq 's parliament on wednesday set january ## as the deadline for elections in ## provinces , excluding three kurdish provinces and the disputed oil rich region of kirkuk , an afp correspondent reported .
french police arrested ## people linked to basque separatist groups in a major operation aimed at catching the perpetrators of a hotel bomb attack , police and legal sources said wednesday .
finland said it would toughen its gun laws after tuesday 's school massacre , as police who questioned but released the killer a day before the shooting landed in the hot-seat .
thailand 's new prime minister somchai wongsawat on wednesday unveiled his cabinet , looking to heal rifts within his own party and restore stability as anti-government protests drag on .
britain 's biggest retailer tesco said wednesday it had taken certain chinese sweets off its shelves due to fears over the contaminated milk product scandal .
europe 's banks are less in danger than their us counterparts but they should still `` prepare for the worst , '' international monetary fund head dominique strauss-kahn was quoted as saying wednesday .
the dollar dipped against the euro on wednesday amid concerns that a us financial sector rescue plan is becoming bogged down in political bickering , dealers said .
global equities rose on wednesday , as a vote of confidence in wall street from us tycoon warren buffett helped offset uncertainty surrounding a us financial rescue plan worth ### billion dollars .
british energy accepted a takeover bid worth more than ## billion euros from french electricity firm edf in a tie-up set to transform britain 's nuclear energy sector , officials said wednesday .
russia expressed regret wednesday that it could not present nato with its plan for a sweeping new security pact , and is mulling whether to make the flagship project public in another forum .
asian stocks closed mostly up on wednesday after a massive investment by warren buffett in wall street bank goldman sachs offset concern about the ###-billion - dollar us financial rescue plan .
the following is the list of thailand 's new government ministers named by thailand 's prime minister somchai wongsawat and <unk> on wednesday by king bhumibol adulyadej .
indian shares were up #.## percent in volatile trade wednesday , as a vote of confidence in wall street from us tycoon warren buffett helped offset uncertainty surrounding a us financial rescue plan worth ### billion dollars .
us lawmakers were digging their heels in wednesday against the government 's ### - billion-dollar financial rescue package , setting the scene for a fierce showdown on capitol hill watched anxiously by markets around the globe .
us lawmakers were digging their heels in wednesday against the government 's ### - million-dollar financial rescue package , setting the scene for a fierce showdown on capitol hill watched anxiously by markets around the globe .
thailand 's new prime minister somchai wongsawat on wednesday unveiled his cabinet , looking to heal rifts within his own party and restore stability as anti-government protests drag on .
russia expressed regret wednesday that it could not present nato with its plan for a sweeping new security pact , and is mulling whether to make the flagship project public in another forum .
filling stations in athens were clogged with long queues wednesday , after a strike by customs officers caused a shortage of petrol .
malaysian share prices closed #.# percent higher wednesday , after rebounding from an intraday low on expectations that the government will cut fuel prices at the end of the day , dealers said .
hong kong share prices closed #.# percent higher on wednesday after strong early gains were wiped out by rumors of instability at the bank of east asia , dealers said .
`` the class , '' a film shot in a rough paris school that won the top prize at cannes this year and which is france 's entry for the #### foreign film oscar , opened in french cinemas wednesday .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni said on wednesday that giving iran a seat on the un security council would be `` absurd '' given the insecurity its policies have caused .
chinese share prices edged up #.## percent on wednesday , bouncing off early lows led by market heavyweights , dealers said .
salvatore ferragamo lit up the milan catwalks with an exuberant collection for spring-summer #### , full of neon shades and dramatic volumes , using bales of silk .
a danish navy vessel freed ## suspected pirates on a beach in somalia rather than hand them over to the authorities there , the navy and denmark 's defense minister said wednesday .
us officials negotiating a controversial security pact with iraq have returned to baghdad to resume discussions which have been deadlocked since early september , a us official said on wednesday .
thai share prices closed #.# percent higher on wednesday as investors welcomed news of tycoon warren buffett 's # billion us dollars investment in goldman sachs , they said .
kuwait plans to spend its bumper <unk> earnings on an array of mega projects over the next five years including a new business hub dubbed silk city , a newspaper reported wednesday .
britain has pledged ## million dollars for drought-hit ethiopia , where some #.# million people are in need of emergency food aid , its embassy here said on wednesday .
indonesia shares ended #.# percent higher wednesday as investors hunted bargains amid renewed confidence in the us financial rescue plan , dealers said .
british prime minister gordon brown faced a surprise setback wednesday when it emerged that a minister was quitting `` for family reasons , '' hours after a well - received crunch speech .
the world health organization on wednesday warned asia pacific countries that they could be vulnerable to health risks and food shortages as a result of climate change .
six bodies were recovered in the somali capital on wednesday taking the death toll to ## in overnight clashes between african peacekeepers and islamist rebels , witnesses said .
eurostar trains faced delays of up to two hours on wednesday after a train became briefly stuck in the channel tunnel , already operating at reduced capacity following a fire , a spokeswoman said .
indonesia shares ended #.# percent higher wednesday as investors hunted bargains amid renewed confidence in the us financial rescue plan , dealers said .
malaysian share prices closed #.# percent higher wednesday , after rebounding from an intraday low on expectations that the government will cut fuel prices at the end of the day , dealers said .
britain 's biggest retailer tesco said wednesday it had taken certain chinese sweets off its shelves due to fears over the contaminated milk product scandal .
a damaging bribery scandal at german conglomerate siemens came to court for the first time on wednesday as a former board member went on trial charged with breach of trust .
north korea has barred international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- inspectors from its nuclear reprocessing plant at yongbyon , the un atomic watchdog said wednesday .
global markets looked torn between fear and hope for a huge us financial rescue plan wednesday as the fbi probed top wall street names for fraud and the federal reserve gave crisis help abroad .
another south african minister has quit in the wake of president thabo mbeki 's resignation , a newspaper reported wednesday , as the ruling anc sought to play down fears of a crisis .
chinese share prices edged up #.## percent on wednesday , bouncing off early lows led by market heavyweights , dealers said .
china 's third manned space mission , which will include the first space walk by a chinese astronaut , will blast off late thursday , a senior official confirmed .
malaysia 's inflation rate jumped to a ##-year high of #.# percent in august , driven by the escalating cost of food and fuel , according to official data released wednesday .
china 's leading spirits maker kweichow moutai and major wine producer yantai <unk> pioneer wine denied rumors wednesday that their products contain a chemical believed to cause cancer .
a candy linked to china 's contaminated milk product scandal will be removed from sale in australia after new zealand authorities warned it contains a toxic chemical , officials said wednesday .
rodrigo <unk> , the manchester united youngster on the receiving end of a horror tackle by middlesbrough 's emanuel pogatetz , has not broken his right leg , as first feared , the club confirmed on wednesday .
us officials negotiating a controversial security pact with iraq have returned to baghdad to resume discussions which have been deadlocked since early september , a us official said on wednesday .
hong kong share prices closed #.# percent higher on wednesday after strong early gains were wiped out by rumors of instability at the bank of east asia , dealers said .
global equities mostly rose wednesday , as a vote of confidence in wall street from us tycoon warren buffett helped offset uncertainty surrounding a us financial rescue plan worth ### billion dollars .
a bollywood comedy called `` hari puttar '' was set to premiere in mumbai later wednesday after winning a legal battle against us studio warner bros over its title .
the world 's biggest mining company bhp billiton said wednesday it intended to supply uranium to china for decades to come as the asian superpower ramps up its nuclear energy program .
taiwan on wednesday ordered stores to remove all remaining chinese milk products from store shelves after more items were found to be tainted with the industrial chemical melamine , officials said .
an international ship management company said wednesday it suspects south korean officials are colluding to blame a hong kong tanker crew for korea 's worst oil spill despite an earlier acquittal .
at the abc petrol station in kauhajoki where locals eat breakfast , news of the school shooting that claimed ## lives a day earlier is emblazoned across newsstands wednesday but patrons are not talking about it .
south korean shares closed #.## percent higher wednesday as investors shrugged off a downswing in wall street 's session , analysts said .
the lawyer for chinese dissident huang qi , who campaigned for the parents of children killed in the sichuan earthquake , was allowed to see his client more than three months after he was detained .
eleven iraqis and a palestinian have been detained in new caledonia after flying in on false european passports , border police in the french pacific territory said wednesday .
hong kong gold prices closed lower on wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from tuesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
a battle over the us government 's financial rescue package carries on in congress wednesday after top finance officials urged its swift passage and lawmakers dug in their heels , while the fbi reportedly launched a probe of failed banks and mortgage giants .
the bank of england on wednesday made an additional ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- available to financial institutions on a short-term loan basis .
the us federal reserve threw another ## billion dollars into foreign credit markets wednesday to relieve high tension in demand for dollars , doing so-called swap deals with four central banks .
taiwan shares closed down #.## percent wednesday on wall street 's overnight fall and mixed regional markets , dealers said .
pop star paul mccartney , one of two surviving members of the beatles , arrived in israel on wednesday ahead of his first-ever concert in the jewish state .
chinese share prices edged up #.## percent on wednesday , bouncing off early lows led by market heavyweights china unicom and petrochina , dealers said .
pakistan 's army said wednesday that it was investigating the crash of a suspected unmanned us spy plane amid claims by tribesmen they had shot it down near the afghan border .
poised and bejeweled , her hair raised high in the style of her hero margaret thatcher , georgia 's nino burjanadze cuts a formidable figure in this war-torn caucasus nation .
myanmar 's pro-democracy party on wednesday vowed to continue pushing for their leader aung san suu kyi 's release after several of her close confidants were freed from prison by the ruling junta .
white house foes barack obama and john mccain tuesday unveiled proposals to improve a bailout for crippled wall street but stopped short of rejecting the ###-billion-dollar plan outright .
the european central bank renewed on wednesday its offer of ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- in one-day loans , it said in a statement .
pakistan 's army said wednesday that it was investigating the crash of a suspected unmanned us spy plane amid claims by tribesmen they had shot it down near the afghan border .
south korean shares closed #.## percent higher wednesday as investors shrugged off a downswing in wall street 's session , analysts said .
shares in german retailer arcandor leapt by ##.## percent to #.## euros in early frankfurt trading wednesday after it unveiled a refinancing deal with an international bank consortium .
indian business groups reacted in shock on wednesday to the government 's support for workers who beat to death the boss of the italian company that had sacked them .
hong kong 's bank of east asia moved to quell rumors about its stability on wednesday , as hundreds of investors gathered outside branches across the city .
the head of the french engineering group alstom insisted its business practices could not be compared with those of scandal-hit rival siemens , in comments published wednesday .
six bodies were recovered overnight in the somali capital taking the death toll to ## in clashes between african peacekeepers and islamist rebels , witnesses said on wednesday .
president gloria arroyo has assured the united nations she will resume peace talks with muslim separatists as fresh fighting in the southern philippines left two rebels dead .
vietnam 's trade deficit reached an estimated ##.# billion dollars for the first nine months of the year , according to official figures released wednesday .
the us federal reserve threw another ## billion dollars into foreign credit markets wednesday to relieve high tension in demand for dollars , doing so-called swap deals with four central banks .
australian shares closed up #.# percent wednesday after investors were buoyed by us investment guru warren buffett 's decision to invest five billion dollars in goldman sachs , dealers said .
the european central bank renewed on wednesday its offer of ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- in one-day loans , it said in a statement .
some ## art masterpieces will be brought to south korea for an annual french cultural festival , the embassy said wednesday .
german blue-chip stocks were steady in initial trades here on wednesday , with the dax ## index showing a slight rise of #.## percent to #,###.## points .
the world 's biggest mining company bhp billiton said wednesday it intended to supply uranium to china for decades to come as the asian superpower ramps up its nuclear energy program .
hong kong 's bank of east asia moved to quell rumors about its stability on wednesday , as hundreds of investors gathered outside branches across the city .
asian stock markets were mostly higher wednesday , as a vote of confidence in wall street from warren buffett helped offset concern about the ###-billion - dollar us financial rescue plan .
south korean civic groups on wednesday urged police to stop investigating mothers who brought babies in strollers to this summer 's mass protests against us beef imports .
french electricity firm edf said wednesday that british energy 's management accepted a new takeover offer worth ##.# billion euros -lrb- ##.# billion pounds , ## billion dollars -rrb- for the british group .
china development bank said wednesday it has formed a joint stock company and named several top executives , a substantial step in its efforts to prepare itself for a stock market listing .
new zealand share prices rose #.## percent wednesday , shrugging off a weak start after news warren buffett would invest five billion us dollars in goldman sachs , dealers said .
the king of cambodia opened the newly elected parliament on wednesday , paving the way for prime minister hun sen to extend his ##-year grip on power .
australian shares closed up #.# percent wednesday after investors were buoyed by us investment guru warren buffett 's decision to invest five billion dollars in goldman sachs , dealers said .
french electricity firm edf announced wednesday that british energy 's management accepted a new takeover offer for the british group .
new zealand share prices rose #.## percent wednesday , shrugging off a weak start on the news that warren buffett would invest five billion us dollars in goldman sachs , dealers said .
the dollar rose against the yen in asian trade wednesday on news that us tycoon warren buffett 's berkshire hathaway has agreed to buy five billion dollars of stock in goldman sachs .
music legend paul mccartney , one of two surviving members of the beatles , arrived in israel on wednesday ahead of his first-ever concert in the jewish state .
indian business groups reacted in shock on wednesday to the government 's support for workers who beat to death the boss of the italian company that had sacked them .
taiwan shares closed down #.## percent wednesday over wall street 's overnight fall and mixed regional markets , dealers said .
two kabul policemen were killed and their commander wounded wednesday in a bomb blast at a city police post where an overnight ambush had killed three of their colleagues , the afghan government said .
pakistan 's army said wednesday it was probing the crash of a suspected unmanned us spy plane in a tribal area bordering afghanistan where american military strikes have caused tensions .
the us congress served notice tuesday it was unwilling to approve the ### billion dollar bank bailout in current form , setting up a political battle over how to handle the global financial crisis .
opposition leader anwar ibrahim on wednesday defended his failure to topple the government a week after claiming he had enough support to seize power , and asked malaysians to be patient .
typhoon hagupit slammed into southern china on wednesday after battering hong kong , where it injured dozens of people , disrupted air travel and forced the closure of schools , officials said .
hong kong shares were #.# percent up by midday wednesday , lifted by tycoon warren buffett 's investment in us investment bank goldman sachs , dealers said .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent higher on wednesday on selective - buying of blue-chips that had fallen in recent days , dealers said .
chinese astronauts will give a chinese-made spacesuit its first real test when they attempt the country 's first-ever spacewalk during the shenzhou vii mission set to blast off late thursday .
myspace will stream friday 's debate between us presidential contenders barack obama and john mccain live online in an internet first and provide software tools letting people see which candidate is in tune with their views .
john mccain and barack obama enter a media lion 's den in their first presidential campaign debate this friday -- and today 's high-definition tv will give them nowhere to hide .
this week 's first presidential debate of the #### general election will pit a homely `` straight talker '' against the most gifted orator of his generation .
a machiavellian game of <unk> is in full swing ahead of friday 's first presidential debate which could enhance or dent the white house dreams of john mccain and barack obama .
chinese share prices tumbled #.## percent by midday wednesday with investors taking cues from wall street 's plunge as the massive us bank bailout faced opposition in congress , dealers said .
pornographic , extremist and immoral -- that 's how russian prosecutors are describing popular us cartoons like the simpsons , family guy and south park .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent higher on wednesday on selective - buying of blue-chips that had fallen in recent days , dealers said .
central huijin investment co , an arm of china 's sovereign wealth fund , has increased its stakes in the nation 's three major listed banks , the lenders said wednesday .
south korea 's official human rights watchdog said wednesday it would create a special committee to investigate north korea 's rights record , echoing a firmer line by seoul 's new government .
the petit <unk> , marie antoinette 's pastoral hideaway in the grounds of versailles chateau , is about to reopen after being restored to the way it was the day the doomed queen left in #### to face the guillotine .
a european union proposal to ban imports of seal skins has <unk> inuits worried they could soon face a repeat of boycotts that severely crippled one of their major sources of income two decades ago .
asian economic growth will slow at some point but demand for raw materials from countries such as china is expected to continue , the chairman of the world 's largest mining company said wednesday .
oil prices rose slightly in asian trade wednesday but the market was dominated by worries that a us government rescue plan may not be enough to save the economy from slower growth and falling energy demand , dealers said .
russia , blamed by westerners for the conflict in georgia , dealt a blow in new york on tuesday by forcing world powers to cancel a ministerial meeting on iran 's disputed nuclear program .
asian stock markets were mixed wednesday , reflecting deep uncertainty after new doubts emerged about the massive us bank bailout -- including reports that key banks were facing a fraud investigation .
a strong #.# magnitude earthquake struck off the west coast of mexico on tuesday , the united states geological survey said .
austria 's political parties are falling over themselves to win the hearts -- and votes -- of teenagers and students in the upcoming general election , the first in which under-##s are allowed to vote .
austria 's far-right parties are almost certain to gain ground in general elections on sunday , but with similar campaign issues and two leaders who were once close allies , the bitter rivals are finding it hard to distinguish themselves from each other .
straight-laced and distinctly uncharismatic , prompting the nickname `` father willi '' , the leader of the austrian conservative people 's party -lrb- oevp -rrb- , wilhelm molterer , still hopes to become the next chancellor after sunday 's elections .
us president george w. bush and palestinian president mahmud abbas meet thursday to assess middle east peace efforts that are not expected to yield a hoped-for breakthrough by year 's end .
tycoon warren buffett 's berkshire hathaway has agreed to buy five billion dollars of stock in goldman sachs , and could double its stake within five years , the wall street bank said late tuesday .
hong kong share prices opened up #.# percent on wednesday , buoyed by tycoon warren buffett 's investment in us investment bank goldman sachs , dealers said .
afghanistan president hamid karzai said recent leadership change in pakistan has offered for the `` first time '' a hope of winning the `` war on terror '' and called for a joint assault on extremist `` sanctuaries '' along their common border .
chinese share prices opened #.## percent down wednesday , with investors taking cues from wall street 's plunge as the massive us bank bailout faced opposition in congress , dealers said .
australian share prices rose #.# percent in morning trade wednesday after investors were encouraged by us investment guru warren buffett 's decision buy goldman sachs shares , dealers said .
the philippine health department is checking infants hospitalised with kidney ailments to see if they were exposed to contaminated milk products from china , an official said wednesday .
australian share prices rose #.# percent in morning trade wednesday after investors were encouraged by us investment guru warren buffet 's decision buy goldman sachs shares , dealers said .
the dollar turned lower in asian trade wednesday on fears that a us financial sector rescue plan was getting bogged down in political bickering , dealers said .
flushed with success after a widely applauded beijing olympics , china will seek this week to further burnish its image with a new chapter in its quest to conquer space .
sitting next to a half-empty swimming pool dotted with chunks of burnt debris , the owner of the islamabad marriott pledges that the devastated hotel will reopen by the end of the year .
indian cinema is getting hi-tech , as hollywood increasingly influences its themes and plots away from traditional love stories and towards spectacular superheroes and fantasy .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from tuesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
world leaders on tuesday demanded urgent steps to contain the global financial crisis and a sweeping reform of multilateral institutions , including the security council , during the un general assembly 's annual debate .
white house foes barack obama and john mccain tuesday unveiled proposals to improve a bailout for crippled wall street but stopped short of rejecting the ###-billion-dollar plan outright .
republican john mccain , once a media darling , now estranged from his press pack , relented on tuesday , taking questions from reporters for the first time in ## days .
six candidates have so far withdrawn from canada 's elections for past <unk> , believed as of tuesday to be the most to quit a canadian race in <unk> .
a battle over the us government 's financial rescue package heated up in congress tuesday , with top finance officials urging its swift passage and lawmakers digging in their heels .
venezuelan airline <unk> denied tuesday reports that it intends to make an offer for `` all or part of '' distressed italian national flag carrier alitalia .
south korean shares opened higher wednesday as investors picked up tech and brokerage counters despite persistent worries over global financial instability , analysts said .
democratic presidential candidate barack obama on tuesday condemned iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's anti-zionist and anti-us remarks in his speech at the un general assembly .
republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin began a diplomatic marathon in new york tuesday in an effort to bolster her foreign policy credentials ahead of the november # presidential election .
australian share prices rose #.# percent in early trade wednesday as the market bucked a downward trend on wall street overnight .
the united states and five other powers on tuesday called off plans for high - level talks here this week to debate further sanctions against iran , after russia complained of us attempts to `` punish '' it .
a us appeals court ruled thursday that us computer software giant microsoft does not have to pay french-us telecom firm alcatel-lucent #.# billion dollars in a patent infringement case .
mississippi was thursday holding its breath ahead of the much anticipated first debate between white house hopefuls barack obama and john mccain , unsure if it would actually go ahead .
<unk> presidential hopeful barack obama said politics must stay out of delicate talks on a wall street bailout and urged his republican white house rival john mccain to show up for a long-planned debate on friday .
us president george w. bush told visiting indian prime minister manmohan singh thursday that he was `` working hard '' to push their stalled civilian nuclear pact through the us congress .
the foreign ministers of china and germany agreed thursday that world powers must be united in their approach to iran over its disputed nuclear program , a diplomatic source said .
the foreign ministers of china and germany agreed thursday that world powers must be united in their approach to iran over its disputed nuclear program , a diplomatic source said .
new zealand fell into recession in the first half of this year for the first time in a decade , according to official figures released friday .
us president george w. bush told visiting indian prime minister manmohan singh thursday that he was `` working hard '' to push their stalled civilian nuclear pact through the us congress .
canada will extend by a month the mission of one of its warships to escort civilian ships delivering humanitarian aid to somalia , announced the ministry of defense on thursday .
an angry us public and congress pushed thursday to snip the rip cord on golden parachutes used by fat cat ceos to escape wall street 's mayhem .
president evo morales and autonomy-seeking opposition governors on thursday postponed their talks aimed at defusing bolivia 's violent political crisis until monday , officials said thursday .
democrat barack obama said politics must stay out of delicate talks on a wall street bailout and urged his republican white house rival john mccain to show up for a debate friday .
serbia 's foreign minister said thursday he was confident the un general assembly would back belgrade 's call for a ruling by the international court of justice on the legality of kosovo 's independence .
democratic white house hopeful barack obama thursday said he expected there would eventually be an agreement on a massive wall street bailout plan .
us president george w. bush told visiting indian prime minister manmohan singh thursday that he was `` working hard '' to push their stalled civilian nuclear pact through the us congress .
president evo morales and autonomy-seeking opposition governors on thursday postponed their talks aimed at defusing bolivia 's violent political crisis until monday , officials said thursday .
republican john mccain has made no decision about participating in friday 's presidential debate with rival barack obama , and is still working to forge a deal on a huge wall street bailout plan , his campaign said thursday .
us president george w. bush told visiting indian prime minister manmohan singh thursday that he was `` working hard '' to push their stalled civilian nuclear pact through the us congress .
senior us lawmakers emerged from financial crisis talks at the white house thursday casting doubt about an imminent breakthrough on a wall street bailout , despite confident talk that a deal was in the works .
pakistani and us troops exchanged fire along the pakistani-afghan border thursday after two us military helicopters came under fire , a us military spokesman said .
zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe called thursday for the lifting of what he called `` illegally imposed sanctions '' on his regime , vowing to cooperate with all countries which respect his country 's sovereignty .
scientists on thursday warned us legislators of the risks of brain cancer from cell phone use , highlighting the potential risk for children who use mobile phones .
us lawmakers were still working thursday to agree an unprecedented wall street bailout package , democrats and republicans said after white house crisis talks .
an anti-poverty summit on thursday pledged nearly three billion dollars to fund an ambitious malaria control plan to save more than #.# million lives around the world .
pakistani and us troops exchanged fire along the pakistani-afghan border thursday after two us military helicopters came under fire , a us military spokesman said .
dolce &amp; gabbana have come up with a simple solution for a seamless transition between night and day for the busy <unk> : the city <unk> .
a us judge has ordered a new trial for a woman convicted of pirating music on the internet and denounced the awarding of ###,### dollars in damages to record companies as `` wholly disproportionate '' and `` oppressive .
the dollar firmed against other major currencies thursday on news that a deal on the us government 's ###-billion-dollar bank bailout may be imminent .
top republican senator richard shelby insisted thursday there was no deal in sight from congress to fix wall street and mend the faltering economy despite talk of a breakthrough .
beatlemania gripped israel thursday as paul mccartney played his first ever concert in the jewish state , urging some ##,### rapturous fans to `` give peace a chance .
stock markets surged globally thursday on signs a deal was near on the us government 's massive bailout plan for ailing financial firms .
valencia supplanted villarreal at the summit of the spanish first division with david villa scoring both goals in a #-# win at promoted malaga on thursday .
the leader of britain 's main opposition party has attacked gordon brown 's economic record , just days after the embattled premier sought to reassure voters he was the best choice in troubled times .
president asif ali zardari on thursday disputed washington 's version of a nato - pakistani military encounter that highlighted growing tension between the allies in the us-led war on terror .
fifteen senior air force officers , including six generals , have been disciplined in response to a mistaken shipment of nuclear weapons components to taiwan , the us air force announced thursday .
senior us lawmakers announced thursday the outlines of a deal to rescue wall street and shore up the fragile economy , but some republicans were hesitant as emergency talks convened at the white house .
zimbabwe 's central bank chief on thursday said nearly ### shops had been licenced to sell goods in foreign currency to fight the world 's highest inflation rate and critical shortages of basic goods .
the head of georgia 's war-torn south ossetia rebel region eduard kokoity was lambasted for his hectoring style by european parliament members on thursday , one saying kokoity was `` not einstein 's brother .
valencia supplanted villarreal at the summit of the spanish first division with david villa scoring both goals in a #-# win at promoted malaga on thursday .
here is the text of us president george w. bush 's remarks as he hosted unprecedented economic crisis talks at the white house on thursday , according to a transcript released by his press office .
president asif ali zardari here thursday disputed washington 's version of a <unk> military encounter that highlighted tension among the close allies in the us-led war against terror .
russia may launch nuclear energy cooperation with venezuela , russian prime minister vladimir putin said thursday during talks with the country 's fiercely anti-us leader hugo chavez .
an anti-poverty summit on thursday pledged nearly three billions dollars to fund an ambitious malaria control plan to save more than #.# million lives around the world .
a rescue plan for alitalia was on the cards thursday as the italian government gave hesitant pilot and flight attendants ' unions more time to decide whether to climb on board .
a swiss adventurer postponed thursday his bid to fly across the english channel using only a jet-powered wing , blaming bad weather , but said he would try again the following day .
an angry us public and congress pushed thursday to snip the rip cord on golden parachutes used by fat cat ceos to escape the mayhem on wall street .
john mccain , on a high-stakes economic rescue bid , strode into the us capitol thursday -- at the moment lawmakers said an agreement on a historic wall street bailout was nearly a done deal .
top democrats thursday unveiled a ##.# billion dollar stimulus package aimed at helping struggling families at a time when authorities are mulling a far bigger rescue package for teetering financial giants .
oil prices gained thursday on signs a massive us government financial bailout was nearing approval , diminishing the risk of an economic collapse of the world 's biggest energy consumer .
the oldest rocks on earth have been discovered in canada , offering scientists a glimpse at the origins of the planet , announced scientists in a study to be published friday .
britain called thursday for investing billions of dollars in africa 's farming as world leaders and the private sector vowed to step up the war on global poverty and commit nearly three billion dollars to fight malaria .
an internet video showing sarah palin being blessed by a kenyan <unk> emerged thursday in the latest online blast from the republican vice - presidential nominee 's past .
pressure mounted on china thursday over the tainted milk scandal , as the eu unveiled plans to ban some of its food products and the un deplored attempts by dairy firms to deceive the public .
kgalema motlanthe vowed thursday to maintain pro-growth policies in south africa as he became the continental powerhouse 's third post-apartheid president , after the dramatic ouster of thabo mbeki by his own party .
the freshly-launched `` spore '' computer game that lets people play god has been hit with a lawsuit accusing its creators of slipping devilish anti-piracy software onto players ' machines .
us president george w. bush on thursday told visiting palestinian president mahmud abbas he remained `` hopeful '' for a middle east peace breakthrough before he leaves the white house in january .
the us air force on thursday announced disciplinary actions against ## officers , including six generals , stemming from the <unk> of nuclear weapons components , a spokesman said .
troubled credit markets suggest the global banking system remains under stress amid fears of further collapse despite efforts of central banks to stimulate lending , analysts say .
us president george w. bush on thursday told visiting palestinian president mahmoud abbas he remained `` hopeful '' for a middle east peace breakthrough before he leaves the white house in january .
world leaders gathered attending an anti-poverty summit here on thursday pledged to commit nearly three billions dollars for an ambitious global plan to drastically cut malaria deaths around the world .
a rescue plan for alitalia was on the cards thursday as the italian government gave hesitant unions more time to decide whether to climb on board .
superstar actor johnny depp has signed on to three new disney projects , including the fourth installment of the blockbuster `` pirates of the caribbean '' franchise , the entertainment industry newspaper variety confirmed thursday .
an internet video showing sarah palin being blessed by a kenyan <unk> emerged thursday in the latest online blast from the republican vice - presidential nominee 's past .
world leaders gathered here for an anti-poverty summit on thursday pledged to commit nearly three billions dollars for an ambitious global plan to drastically cut malaria deaths around the world .
a former chief of prosecutors who is a brother of colombia 's justice minister fabio valencia , guillermo leon valencia , was arrested thursday for alleged ties to drug traffickers , authorities said .
french president nicolas sarkozy called for a top to bottom overhaul of the world 's financial system thursday and warned that the global financial crisis would hit french growth and jobs .
us president george w. bush told visiting palestinian president mahmud abbas on thursday he remained `` hopeful '' of a middle east peace breakthrough before leaving office in january .
british police who shot dead an innocent brazilian mistaken for a fugitive suicide bomber did not have a picture of the suspect , an inquest heard thursday .
northwest airlines shareholders on thursday voted overwhelmingly for a planned merger with delta air lines , which would create one of the world 's biggest global carriers .
the world bank on thursday announced an extra #.# billion dollars funding for anti-malaria programs in africa .
european aerospace group eads said thursday the first flight of its a###m military transporter , planned for the end of the year , is now postponed to an indefinite date .
thousands of air passengers in britain were faced travel chaos thursday after a computer fault at the main air traffic control center caused delays and cancellations .
the world bank on thursday announced an extra #.# billion dollars funding for anti-malaria programs in africa .
south african business leaders on thursday welcomed the election of president kgalema motlanthe in the wake of market jitters after the ruling party 's ouster of thabo mbeki .
the security council will hold a ministerial debate on israel 's settlement expansion in the occupied palestinian territories friday , a un spokesman said thursday .
south africa 's new president kgalema motlanthe on thursday retained the country 's widely respected finance chief but booted the controversial health minister from her post .
us lawmakers said thursday they had agreed on the fundamentals of a multi - billion dollar historic deal to rescue wall street and shore up the world 's biggest economy .
two massacres at finnish schools within a year have cast the spotlight on growing isolation among young finns , which experts on thursday warned was leading to a rise in dangerous and anti-social behavior .
five mexican police have been arrested , accused of beating an us tourist to death in a prison in baja , california , state prosecutors said .
us president george w. bush told visiting palestinian president mahmoud abbas on thursday he remained `` hopeful '' of a middle east peace breakthrough before leaving office in four months .
pakistan president asif ali zardari said here thursday that pakistan 's military is firing `` flares '' to warn nato helicopters that they have crossed from afghanistan into pakistan .
the export of mercury will be banned in the european union from #### in order to reduce health risks , the european commission announced thursday .
former union organiser and anti-apartheid activist kgalema motlanthe became south africa 's president thursday , vowing to keep pro-growth economic policies with a fresh emphasis on fighting poverty .
the security council will hold a ministerial debate on israel 's settlement expansion in the occupied palestinian territories friday , a un spokesman said thursday .
chilling details emerged thursday of the finnish school massacre , as police described a cold-blooded gunman who methodically shot his classmates one by one before setting them on fire .
pakistan placed all airports on high alert thursday after a telephone caller warned of a suicide bomb threat to islamabad 's international airport , officials said , days after a huge blast in the city .
ukraine 's defense minister insisted on thursday that his country would not extend the presence of russia 's black sea fleet beyond #### , saying `` the issue is not even a matter of discussion .
a chinese parliamentary delegation walked out of the czech parliament 's lower chamber thursday after deputies from the green party unfurled a tibetan flag , local media reported .
iraqi security forces on thursday killed three al-qaeda militants planning suicide attacks in the northern city of mosul during the muslim holidays which follow ramadan , the defense ministry said .
chilling details emerged thursday of the finnish school massacre , as police described a cold-blooded gunman who methodically shot his classmates one by one before setting them on fire .
democrats in congress thursday said they were nearing a deal on a massive bailout of the shaken us financial sector , just hours ahead of an emergency summit between president george w. bush and the two leading white house contenders .
a human rights coalition deplored on thursday the `` drastic deterioration '' of the humanitarian situation in the restive eastern region of the democratic republic of congo .
us and european share prices took flight thursday on brighter prospects for a ###-billion-dollar plan to end the financial crisis threatening the entire us economy .
tens of thousands of hospital workers from all over germany made their opposition to the country 's healthcare policy loud and clear thursday with a noisy demonstration in central berlin .
the us air force said it will announce disciplinary actions thursday against senior air force officials stemming from the <unk> of nuclear weapons components to taiwan .
the dollar was easier but coming off its early lows thursday as the market anticipated a deal in washington on a ###-billion-dollar bank bailout plan between republicans and democrats .
organisers of bosnia 's first-ever gay rights festival said on thursday they were moving the event underground the day after participants were attacked by hooligans at the opening ceremony .
antoine gizenga , the ##-year-old prime minister of the democratic republic of congo , said he is stepping down because of old age in an address broadcast on state television thursday .
pakistan president asif ali zardari said here thursday that pakistan 's military is firing `` flares '' to warn nato helicopters about the exact location of pakistan 's border with afghanistan .
authorities in morocco have shut down around ## koranic schools belonging to a muslim theologian who argues that girls as young as nine can marry , officials said thursday .
alitalia 's hopes of staying afloat brightened on thursday as italy 's leading union cgil announced it had agreed to a rescue plan for the national flag carrier .
the white house praised `` significant progress '' in difficult talks with lawmakers on an emergency economic rescue package and held out hope for a breakthrough deal on thursday .
oil prices pulled lower thursday on falling demand for crude in the united states , the world 's biggest consumer of energy , amid a global economic slowdown , traders said .
general motors announced plans thursday to double its global production of more fuel-efficient small engines by #### with the help of a new engine plant in struggling flint , michigan .
the united states called during a meeting of the un atomic watchdog here for a full iaea report into allegations that syria had been building an undeclared nuclear facility at a remote desert site , it emerged on thursday .
the senior lawyer on the french island of reunion appeared in court on thursday accused of libelling justice minister rachida dati for repeating claims she had faked her resume .
the us air force said it will announce disciplinary actions thursday against senior air force officials stemming from the <unk> of nuclear weapons components to taiwan .
a canadian youth was found guilty thursday of participating in a major jihadist terror plot in canada two years ago , federal prosecutors said .
us president george w. bush will welcome ukrainian president viktor yushchenko on september ## for talks in the wake of russia 's war with georgia , white house spokeswoman dana perino said thursday .
ireland 's july trade surplus narrowed #.# percent to #.## billion euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- from june , official data showed on thursday .
pakistan president asif ali zardari said here thursday that pakistan 's military is firing `` flares '' to warn nato helicopters about the exact location of pakistan 's border with afghanistan .
a car bomb exploded in abkhazia on thursday , damaging residential and law enforcement buildings and prompting mutual accusations between tbilisi and leaders in the rebel georgian province .
the speaker of south africa 's parliament , baleka mbete , was named vice president thursday , making her the second woman to hold the post and boosting her profile in the nation 's new political landscape .
two us helicopters were flying inside afghanistan when they came under fire from pakistani troops along the border thursday , a pentagon spokesman said , calling the incident an `` unfortunate misunderstanding .
moscow announced a billion-dollar loan to venezuela to buy arms on thursday amid cold-war style tensions with washington and ahead of a visit by the country 's fiercely anti-us president hugo chavez .
the white house praised `` significant progress '' in difficult talks with lawmakers on an emergency economic rescue package and held out hope for a breakthrough deal on thursday .
the us treasury department said thursday it would put ## billion dollars in additional securities on the market to support federal reserve actions to stabilize roiling financial markets .
georgia on thursday rejected russia 's charge that it sought to wipe out all ethnic ossetians in south ossetia last month , with a top official calling the accusation `` unsubstantiated propaganda .
the white house praised `` significant progress '' in difficult talks with lawmakers on an emergency economic rescue package and held out hope for a breakthrough deal on thursday .
gabon said thursday it would send back to china tens of thousands of chinese milk products , most of which contain the toxic chemical at the center of a widening child infection scandal .
european stock markets closed higher thursday , with london 's ftse index rising #.## percent to #,###.## points .
pakistan president asif ali zardari said thursday that pakistan 's military is firing `` flares '' to warn nato helicopters about the exact location of pakistan 's border with afghanistan .
the us air force said it will announce disciplinary actions thursday against senior air force officials stemming from the <unk> of nuclear weapons components to taiwan .
south africa 's controversial health minister manto tshabalala-msimang was stripped of her post on thursday but was granted a new cabinet position , the country 's new president kgalema motlanthe announced .
not as large as the great wall of china nor as significant as the berlin wall , but to italian and croatian high school pupils it was too much of a barrier and they pulled it down .
us new home sales plunged ##.# percent in august despite a sharp drop in prices , government data showed thursday , with tight credit blamed for further distress in the battered real estate sector .
a canadian youth was found guilty thursday of participating in a major jihadist terror plot in canada two years ago , federal prosecutors said .
the white house has agreed to key principles democrats want included in a bailout bill to address the financial crisis , house speaker nancy pelosi told reporters thursday .
newly-elected president kgalema motlanthe said on thursday that south africa 's democracy was stable despite the political in-fighting that forced his predecessor thabo mbeki out of power .
british prime minister gordon brown on thursday appealed to world leaders to invest billions of dollars in africa 's agriculture to enable the resource-rich continent to feed the world .
south africa 's new president kgalema motlanthe said thursday he would keep finance minister trevor manuel in his post , recognizing his role in leading the nation to sustained growth .
newly-elected president kgalema motlanthe said thursday he would maintain south africa 's economic policies that have led to sustained growth in recent years .
the white house has agreed to key principles democrats want included in a bailout bill to address the financial crisis , house speaker nancy pelosi told reporters thursday .
kenyans on thursday voted in two by-elections in the country 's west to replace lawmakers who were killed in a plane crash in june , officials said .
us auto giant ford on thursday launched production of its new ka compact model car in southern poland .
gabon said thursday it would send back to china tens of thousands of chinese milk products , most of which contain the toxic chemical at the center of a widening child infection scandal .
with the us economy in peril and markets frazzled , president george w. bush was to hold crisis talks thursday with the two us presidential candidates aimed at spurring action on a vast rescue plan .
south africa 's new president kgalema motlanthe on thursday praised the work of his predecessor thabo mbeki , who was ousted by his own party after a bitter internal power struggle .
us president george w. bush welcomed lebanese president michel sleiman for talks thursday to underline us support for democratic rule in beirut free from any undue syrian influence .
the european commission decided thursday on safeguard measures in the face of the tainted chinese milk scare , including plans to ban the most risky imports like biscuits and chocolate .
a swiss adventurer postponed thursday his bid to fly across the english channel using only a jet-powered wing , blaming bad weather .
the pakistani military said troops fired warning shots at two nato helicopters after they crossed the border from afghanistan on thursday , adding that the choppers returned fire .
ireland on thursday became the first eurozone member to fall into a recession since the us subprime home loan crisis sparked a global economic slowdown , official data showed .
six somalis suspected of taking a french couple hostage earlier this month were brought before a paris prosecutor thursday to face likely charges of hijacking and hostage-taking , court officials said .
eu interior ministers endorsed thursday sweeping new guidelines for managing immigration , and closed in on agreement on a blue card scheme aimed at attracting highly skilled workers to europe .
northwest airlines shareholders on thursday voted overwhelmingly for a planned merger with delta air lines , which would create one of the biggest global carriers .
the pakistani military said troops fired warning shots at two nato helicopters after they crossed the border from afghanistan on thursday , adding that the choppers returned fire .
a suspected mastermind of the #### theft of edvard munch 's expressionist masterpiece `` the scream '' will receive a new trial , a norwegian appeals court ruled thursday , saying his guilt had yet to be established .
organisers of bosnia 's first-ever gay rights festival said on thursday they were moving the four-day event underground a day after participants in its opening were attacked by hooligans .
britain revealed the design for new identity cards for foreigners thursday , insisting the <unk> system will boost security and rebuffing criticism it is costly and threatens privacy .
the deputy leader of south africa 's ruling party , kgalema motlanthe , was sworn in thursday as the nation 's third president since the end of apartheid , following a bruising internal power struggle .
beatlemania has taken hold in israel as paul mccartney prepares to play his first ever concert in the jewish state on thursday , saying he hopes to spread a message of peace in the troubled region .
tourism in the occupied west bank more than doubled in the first half of this year from a year earlier , reflecting improved security , the palestinian tourism ministry said on thursday .
romanian prime minister calin tariceanu named the president of the national pension fund as the new labor minister thursday , two days after her predecessor resigned over corruption allegations .
an incident in which pakistani soldiers fired on helicopters with a nato-led force thursday along the the border with afghanistan was `` an unfortunate misunderstanding , '' a pentagon spokesman said thursday .
china on thursday launched its riskiest space flight yet , sending three men into orbit on a mission that will include the nation 's first ever space walk , state media said .
britain on thursday welcomed iraq 's passing of a provincial election law to allow long-delayed polls , saying it would enable iraqis to `` embrace the democratic political process .
local importers were removing chinese white rabbit brand candies from shelves thursday , after suriname 's government ordered a ban on dairy products from china , singapore and malaysia .
india 's tata motors insisted thursday it would stick to its planned schedule for the high-profile rollout of the world 's cheapest car despite months of protests over a land dispute .
paris unveiled plans on thursday for a pyramid-shaped tower in the southwest of the capital , the first new high-rise building to be built for ## years .
us president george w. bush welcomed lebanese president michel sleiman for talks thursday to underline us support for democratic rule in beirut free from any undue syrian influence .
an incident in which pakistani soldiers fired on helicopters with a nato-led force along the the border with afghanistan was `` an unfortunate misunderstanding , '' a pentagon spokesman said thursday .
us new home sales plunged ##.# percent in in august despite a sharp drop in prices , government data showed thursday , in fresh bad news for the battered real estate sector .
a senior official in the european union 's monitoring mission in georgia on thursday said he would meet russian officials to discuss the practical aspects of a planned russian troop pull-back .
an islamic militant group that claimed responsibility for a wave of bombings in india warned thursday it would assassinate a top hindu leader to avenge attacks on muslims .
us new home sales plunged ##.# percent in in august despite a sharp drop in prices , government data showed thursday , in fresh bad news for the battered real estate sector .
the deputy leader of south africa 's ruling party , kgalema motlanthe , was sworn in thursday as the nation 's third president since the end of apartheid .
wall street and european stock markets rose on thursday , despite losses in asia , as investors sensed that congress was nearing a deal a ###-billion-dollar us bailout for the financial sector .
john mccain voiced confidence a deal on a wall street bailout could be sealed before markets open monday , saying his ` old navy pilot ' <unk> told him to suspend his white house bid amid the crisis .
chinese president hu jintao thursday declared the nation 's third manned space launch a success , hailing a mission that will include its first ever space walk , state media said .
local importers were removing chinese white rabbit brand candies from shelves thursday , after suriname 's government ordered a ban on dairy products from south asia .
alitalia 's hopes of staying afloat brightened on thursday as italy 's leading union cgil announced it would sign on to a rescue plan for the national flag carrier .
anti-government protesters on thursday rejected the new thai cabinet , saying it was stocked with cronies of ousted premier thaksin shinawatra as they vowed to continue their campaign .
russia 's forex reserves slipped ### million dollars last week to ###.# billion dollars following an exceptionally big fall of ##.# billion the previous week , the central bank said thursday .
john mccain said thursday his `` old navy pilot '' instincts told him he must suspend his white house bid , hours before flying to washington for unprecedented talks on the wall street bailout plan .
john mccain said thursday his `` old navy pilot '' instincts told him he must suspend his white house bid , hours before flying to washington for unprecedented talks on the wall street bailout plan .
china thursday launched its riskiest space flight yet , sending three men into orbit around the earth on a mission that will include the nation 's first ever space walk , state media said .
prime minister nuri al-maliki has promised to improve iraqi armed forces to the level that they no longer need support from us-led troops , his office said on thursday .
russia is `` liquidating '' its border with south ossetia but sees no need to annex the breakaway georgian region , russian prime minister vladimir putin said thursday .
the senegalese authorities on thursday said they had issued an international arrest warrant against a french judge who issued similar warrants against senegalese officials over the joola ferry disaster .
nigeria 's chief justice said thursday that a final attempt to have the result of last year 's presidential election overturned would be heard by the supreme court next month .
a london restaurant is offering a whopping <unk> menu to give hardy diners a taste of life as it was lived by legendary antarctic explorer ernest shackleton .
pressure mounted on china thursday over the tainted milk scandal , as the eu unveiled plans to ban some of its food products and the un deplored attempts by dairy firms to deceive the public .
myanmar 's police chief held his first meeting with leaders of aung san suu kyi 's pro-democracy party on thursday , asking them to retract their call for a constitutional review , a party spokesman said .
south africa 's new president , kgalema motlanthe , will steer south africa towards elections in #### while trying to heal seismic splits within the governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- .
archaeologists will soon begin a dig at a site in the southern iraqi province of muthanna that may date back to the sumerian period , local heritage chief tawfiq mohammed said on thursday .
police detained at least five people around finland on thursday for issuing threats or suspicious messages , two days after a school shooting that left ## people dead including the gunman .
a swedish high school was evacuated and all its students sent home following threats thursday , two days after ## people died in a school massacre in finland , police said .
an eu environment panel resisted thursday pressure from europe 's powerful car - making industry to water down plans to force automakers to slash carbon dioxide emissions .
eu interior ministers endorsed thursday sweeping new guidelines for managing immigration , but struggled to agree on a blue card scheme aimed at attracting highly skilled workers to europe .
south africa 's parliament on thursday elected kgalema motlanthe as the nation 's third post-apartheid president , after the dramatic ouster of thabo mbeki by his own party .
alitalia 's hopes of staying afloat brightened on thursday as italy 's leading union cgil on thursday announced it would sign on to a rescue plan for the national flag carrier .
eu interior ministers endorsed thursday sweeping new guidelines for managing immigration , but struggled to agree on a blue card scheme aimed at attracting highly skilled workers to europe .
india 's tata motors insisted thursday it would stick to its planned schedule for the high-profile rollout of the world 's cheapest car despite months of protests over a land dispute .
british bank bradford &amp; bingley said thursday it was slashing ### jobs , mainly at its mortgage processing center near london , after being hit by a housing downturn and weakness in the wider economy .
russia is lending one billion dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- to venezuela to buy russian arms , the kremlin said thursday , ahead of a visit by venezuelan president hugo chavez .
a pastor in the democratic republic of congo , josue <unk> <unk> , won the norwegian rafto human rights prize thursday for his work to bring peace and help victims in the war-ravaged country .
the financial crisis in the united states could affect the level of foreign aid to uganda and other poor countries , the head of the bank of uganda said in statement received by afp on thursday .
thailand 's new cabinet was formally sworn into office thursday in a ceremony presided over by the country 's revered king bhumibol adulyadej .
south africa 's parliament thursday elected the deputy leader of the governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- , kgalema motlanthe , as president , the chief justice of the constitutional court said .
venezuelan president hugo chavez travels to russia on thursday for talks on military and economic cooperation between moscow and caracas amid cold war-style tensions with washington .
president hu jintao wished success to three astronauts thursday as china counted down to its third manned space mission , deemed riskier than the others because it will include a space walk .
rare behind-the-scenes footage of marilyn monroe on the set of the #### hit `` some like it hot '' sold for ##,### dollars -lrb- ##,### us dollars -rrb- at an auction in australia thursday , the auctioneers said .
us industrial and financial giant general electric , a bellwether for the us economy , slashed its earnings guidance thursday and warned of difficult times ahead due to the global credit crunch .
china on thursday urged countries involved in negotiations aimed at ending north korea 's nuclear program to show flexibility after pyongyang said it was about to restart its atomic activities .
home secretary jacqui smith unveiled the design for britain 's controversial identity cards thursday , insisting that the <unk> plan would strengthen the country 's security .
south africa 's parliament thursday elected the deputy leader of the ruling party , kgalema motlanthe , as president , the chief justice of the constitutional court said .
hearings were adjourned thursday in the trial of poland 's last communist leader , general wojciech jaruzelski , ## , charged over his #### crackdown on the opposition movement solidarity .
twin attacks blamed on the camorra mafia that left six africans and an italian dead last week has highlighted the `` hell '' that immigrants say they face in this small city wracked by crime and poor living conditions .
russia has granted a one-billion dollar -lrb- ###-million euro -rrb- loan to venezuela to buy russian arms , the kremlin said in a statement on thursday , ahead of a visit by venezuelan president hugo chavez .
the us congress rushed to hammer out agreement on a massive bailout of the financial system thursday ahead of an emergency white house meeting called in hopes of sealing the deal .
dz bank , the biggest german cooperative bank , said on thursday it estimated losses linked to the bankruptcy of us investment bank lehman brothers at ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- .
the results of a new probe linked to the massacre of muslims in india in #### were unveiled thursday , promptly reviving bitter debate over who was to blame for sparking the carnage .
european aircraft giant airbus will take a major step towards the globalisation of its production on sunday with the opening of a new assembly line in the chinese port of tianjin .
oil prices dropped further thursday on falling demand for crude in the united states , the world 's biggest consumer of energy , amid a global economic slowdown , traders said .
arcandor shares were in a free-fall here on thursday after the german retail group said it would sell part of its holdings in travel company thomas cook and department store karstadt .
the world health organisation said on thursday that cholera cases in iraq appear to have fallen sharply this year , though it warned against complacency and demanded accurate reporting to prevent any further spread of the disease .
asian stocks closed mainly down thursday on traders ' concerns about a us bailout for the finance sector , after president george w. bush gave a dire warning for the us economy if the plan is not agreed .
indian shares fell #.## percent in cautious trade on thursday as investors unwound positions at the expiry of the monthly futures contract and ahead of the release of inflation data , dealers said .
ireland 's economy , hit by a housing market collapse and the global credit crunch , has entered a recession after shrinking in the second quarter of #### , official data showed thursday .
the european commission said thursday that it planned a ban on certain chinese food products for children following a milk contamination scandal in china .
israeli historian zeev <unk> , known for his criticism of jewish settlements in the occupied west bank , was wounded when a pipe bomb exploded at his home on thursday , police said .
european shares mostly spiked on thursday after asian equities mainly fell amid uncertainty over an emergency multi-billion-dollar us bailout for the financial sector .
leaders of the church of england blasted market traders responsible for the global financial crisis thursday , branding them `` bank robbers '' profiting from unbridled capitalism .
the european commission said thursday that it planned a ban on certain chinese food products for children following a milk contamination scandal in china .
an exhibition of andy warhol prints in the only museum in europe dedicated to the american pop art icon has been canceled due to a hole in the roof , its chief curator said thursday .
warning `` our entire economy is in danger , '' us president george w. bush called unprecedented emergency talks for thursday with the two men vying to succeed him , john mccain and barack obama .
an exhibition of andy warhol prints in the only museum in europe dedicated to the american pop icon has been canceled due to a hole in the roof , its chief curator said thursday .
the us economy teetered close to catastrophe thursday with us president george w. bush convening truce talks to push through a vast rescue plan as markets flashed deepening alarm .
the european commission said thursday that it planned a ban on certain chinese food products for children following a milk contamination scandal in china .
taiwan 's health minister on thursday resigned amid a public outcry after the government said it would allow the sale of chinese milk products with traces of the industrial chemical melamine .
anti-government protesters on thursday rejected the new thai cabinet , saying it was stocked with cronies of ousted premier thaksin shinawatra as they vowed to continue their campaign .
thai shares closed #.## percent higher on thursday <unk> mostly to gains in big-cap bank shares , dealers said .
a turkish court thursday slapped fines on three journalists for an interview with separatist kurdish rebels published four years ago , anatolia news agency reported .
asian stocks closed mainly down thursday on traders ' concerns about a us bailout for the finance sector , after president george w. bush gave a dire warning for the us economy if the plan is not agreed .
a jet boat overturned and sent a tour group hurtling into a river in new zealand on thursday , killing a chinese woman , police and boat company officials said .
indian shares fell #.## percent in cautious late afternoon trade on thursday as investors unwound positions at the expiry of the monthly futures contract and ahead of inflation data , dealers said .
a fifth child has fallen ill in hong kong with kidney stones after drinking tainted chinese milk , authorities said thursday , as the fall-out from the food safety scandal worsened .
french president nicolas sarkozy is to make the case for continuing economic reforms on thursday despite the global financial crisis and flagging growth that is sharply reducing his room to maneuver .
pakistan placed all airports on red alert thursday after a telephone caller warned of a suicide bomb threat to islamabad 's international airport , officials said .
the run on hong kong 's bank of east asia subsided on thursday , as banking authorities soothed savers ' concerns that wall street 's financial crisis had spread to the city .
the dollar fell against major currencies on thursday as investors tracked the progress of a huge us financial-sector rescue plan in washington .
hong kong exports jumped #.# percent year-on-year in august , a sharp drop on the previous month , highlighting the fragile global economy , government figures showed thursday .
iraqi forces launched a major hunt for al-qaeda gunmen in the restive province of diyala on thursday after ## people were killed in an ambush of a police convoy .
the eu 's aid commissioner called thursday for urgent action on zimbabwe 's dire humanitarian situation as he announced an extra ## million euros -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- of aid .
the european central bank on thursday renewed its offer of ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- in one-day loans , and commercial banks snapped up the cash amid chronic tension on money markets .
chinese shares closed up #.## percent on thursday led by securities firms amid hopes that beijing will introduce margin trading very soon , dealers said .
chinese president hu jintao thursday wished success to three astronauts about to embark on the nation 's riskiest space mission yet , which will include a space walk .
eu interior ministers were set thursday to endorse a new `` blue card '' scheme aimed at attracting highly skilled workers to europe , and adopt new guidelines for managing immigration .
malaysian share prices closed #.# percent lower thursday amid concerns over the us financial sector , dealers said .
india banned thursday the import of dairy products from china over concerns they could be contaminated with dangerous chemicals .
warning `` our entire economy is in danger , '' us president george w. bush called unprecedented emergency talks for thursday with the two men vying to succeed him , john mccain and barack obama .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on thursday , as early gains were wiped out by continuing worries about the us-government bailout of the financial system , dealers said .
thai share prices closed #.## percent higher on thursday <unk> mostly to gains in big-cap bank shares , dealers said .
malaysian share prices closed #.# percent lower thursday amid concerns over the us financial sector , dealers said .
indonesian shares closed #.# percent lower thursday , hurt by a weaker rupiah and falls in most asian markets amid lingering concerns over financial woes in the united states , dealers said .
india 's tata motors insisted thursday it would stick to its planned schedule for the high-profile rollout of the world 's cheapest car as it shifted equipment from the plant due to make it .
taiwan 's central bank announced thursday it will lower its key interest rates by ##.## basis points effective friday amid growing risks of an economic slowdown .
suspected muslim militants in indian kashmir on thursday shot dead a pro-india politician as he was coming out of a mosque , police said .
russia will help nicaragua repair or update its ageing military arsenal , most of which was furnished by the former soviet union in the ####s , moscow 's envoy to managua said .
indonesian shares closed #.# percent lower thursday , hurt by a weaker rupiah and falls in most asian markets amid lingering concerns over financial woes in the united states , dealers said .
president george w. bush said wednesday that congress had to quickly pass a ### billion dollar financial bailout or risk a national panic that would spell disaster for the united states .
south africa 's parliament convened thursday to elect the nation 's third post - apartheid president , after the dramatic ouster of thabo mbeki by his own party , just months before the end of his term .
microsoft said thursday it had cut the price of one of its office operating system products by more than ## percent in china as it tries to encourage consumers to turn away from pirated software .
austria 's parliament , sitting well into the night , has approved a flurry of reforms aimed at offsetting the rising cost of living , just before legislative elections on sunday .
beatlemania has taken hold in israel as paul mccartney prepares to play his first ever concert in the jewish state on thursday , saying he hopes to spread a message of peace in the troubled region .
south africa 's parliament convened thursday to elect a new president , after the ruling party forced thabo mbeki from office in an internal feud last weekend .
china was scrambling thursday to salvage its reputation after tainted milk sickened ##,### babies and killed four , as un agencies deplored attempts by implicated dairy firms to deceive the public .
oil prices dropped further on thursday on falling demand for crude in the united states , the world 's biggest consumer of energy , amid a global economic slowdown .
president thabo mbeki ends nine years in power thursday with south africa facing a gaping political divide , economic worries and twin epidemics of aids and crime .
chinese shares closed up #.## percent on thursday led by securities firms amid hopes that beijing will introduce margin trading very soon , dealers said .
here are biographical details of the three chinese astronauts due to blast off thursday for the country 's third manned space mission , including a first space walk .
malaysia 's ruling party is to hold high-level talks on friday , in a hastily arranged meeting that has triggered fresh speculation on the future of prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi .
growth of eurozone money supply fell in august to an annual rate of #.# percent , the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- said on thursday , from #.# percent in the previous month .
the un children 's agency -lrb- unicef -rrb- on thursday lashed out at chinese dairies over the ongoing tainted milk scandal , saying it was unacceptable to deceive the public about health issues .
the united states will cease to be the economic `` superpower '' because of the financial crisis , and wall street and the world `` will never be the same again , '' germany 's finance minister said thursday .
monsoon rains triggered flooding that left at least six people dead and have worsened conditions for tens of thousands of people who fled fighting in the southern philippines , officials said thursday .
china warned the us on thursday to stop interfering in its affairs after president george w. bush called the dalai lama to voice concerns over the exiled tibetan spiritual leader 's health .
global stock markets experienced mixed fortunes on thursday amid uncertainty over an emergency multi-billion-dollar us bailout for the financial sector .
warning `` our entire economy is in danger , '' us president george w. bush called unprecedented emergency talks for thursday with the two men vying to succeed him , john mccain and barack obama .
israeli president shimon peres sharpened his attack on iran 's president mahmoud ahmadinejad on thursday , accusing him of `` taking the world for a fool '' in his statements to the un general assembly .
the italian company whose local boss in india was beaten to death by sacked workers said thursday it was launching its own investigation into the killing .
an american soldier was killed in a suicide bomb attack just north of baghdad in the restive province of diyala , the us military said on thursday .
south korea 's supreme court ruled thursday that eight men from myanmar should be granted refugee status since they were likely to face political persecution if returned home .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on thursday , as early gains were wiped out by continuing worries about the us-government bailout of the financial system , dealers said .
cambodia 's king norodom sihamoni on thursday pardoned convicted fraudster prince norodom ranariddh , allowing him to return home from self-imposed exile abroad .
communist vietnam has stepped up the pressure in a long-simmering land dispute with the country 's catholics by authorising the construction of public parks on two key sites claimed by the church .
germany 's postbank said thursday it has agreed with trade union verdi a four percent wage hike from january # , a further three percent in february #### and no forced redundancies before #### .
china counted down thursday to its third manned space mission which for the first time will include a space walk -- a feat as risky as it is prestigious for the rising asian power .
construction of brunei 's second oil refinery could begin by late #### , the developer of the proposed facility was quoted as saying thursday .
the growth of eurozone money supply fell in august to an annual rate of #.# percent , the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- said on thursday , from #.# percent in the previous month .
iraqi forces launched a major hunt on thursday for al-qaeda gunmen in the restive province of diyala as the death toll rose to ## from an ambush of police in an orchard .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from wednesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
with ## days to go until election day , the fast-moving global financial crisis has transformed the white house race into a daring duel of political brinkmanship for john mccain and barack obama .
a glimmer of hope was in the air for distressed italian airline alitalia early on thursday when the government was to hold talks with trades unions .
chinese share prices closed up #.## percent on thursday led by securities firms amid hopes that china will launch margin trading very soon , dealers said .
new taliban attacks on the afghan police killed two policemen and a civilian , authorities said thursday , with such violence claiming the lives of roughly ### policemen this year .
a jet boat overturned and sent a tour group hurtling into a river in new zealand on wednesday , killing a chinese woman , police and boat company officials said .
anti-government protesters on thursday rejected the new thai cabinet , saying it was stocked with cronies of ousted premier thaksin shinawatra , and vowed to continue their campaign .
north korea was thursday on the brink of restarting the nuclear weapons program it shut down ## months ago under a landmark disarmament deal , as negotiating partners struggled to save the pact .
world leaders will join hands at the united nations with top figures from the private sector , foundations and civil society on thursday to breathe new life into the flagging battle against global poverty .
the run on hong kong 's bank of east asia subsided on thursday , as banking authorities soothed savers ' concerns that wall street 's financial crisis had spread to the city .
a hard-hitting documentary that shows the brutal reality of life in the street gangs of el salvador has been shown at the san sebastian film festival .
once seen as a soft-spoken liberal , russian president dmitry medvedev has sharpened his tongue since last month 's war in georgia , slamming his foes as `` bastards '' and `` <unk> '' .
new zealand share prices fell #.## percent thursday , amid uncertainty over the fate of the planned massive us financial bailout in congress , dealers said .
south korean shares closed #.## percent higher thursday on hopes that the ongoing us financial crisis will ease , dealers said .
australian share prices closed down #.# percent thursday after wall street fell overnight as a us banking sector rescue plan remained in limbo .
taiwan shares closed down #.## percent thursday on uncertainty over the us government 's massive bank bailout plan , dealers said .
a car bomb on thursday rocked residential and law enforcement buildings in the main city of georgia 's rebel abkhazia region , officials said .
a top official promised thursday to make south korea one of the world 's most attractive investment destinations , as figures showed foreign firms largely shunned the country for a third successive year .
rare footage of marilyn monroe on the set of the #### hit `` some like it hot '' is expected to sell for up to ##,### dollars , auctioneers in australia said on thursday .
longtime business software giant oracle has announced it is diving headlong into the computer hardware business with a <unk> , <unk> machine crafted to manage the explosion of digital data .
the european central bank renewed on thursday its offer of ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- in one-day loans , it said in a statement .
europe 's leading stock markets were little changed at the start of trading on thursday amid uncertainty over a us bailout for the financial sector .
france 's leading cac-## stock index was flat at the open of trading thursday , slipping a fractional #.## percent to #,###.## points amid uncertainty over a massive us financial rescue plan .
the german dax index of leading shares showed a slight increase of #.## percent to #,###.## points in opening trade on thursday .
oil prices edged higher in asian trade thursday as investors worried a stalemate over the us government 's bailout plan for the ailing financial system will further damage the economy , dealers said .
beatlemania has taken hold in israel as paul mccartney prepares to play his first ever concert in the jewish state on thursday , saying he hopes to spread a message of peace in the troubled region .
south korean shares closed #.## percent higher thursday on hopes that the ongoing us financial crisis will ease , dealers said .
thai budget carrier nok air has cut ### staff to cope with heavy losses due to high global oil prices and political turmoil in the kingdom , an official from the airline said thursday .
the german retail group arcandor might sell part of its stake in travel company thomas cook and department store karstadt as part of a new refinancing arrangement , arcandor said late wednesday .
new zealand share prices fell #.## percent thursday , amid uncertainty over the fate of the planned massive us financial bailout in congress , dealers said .
mobile operator china unicom said thursday that its state-controlled parent has bought back ## million shares in the shanghai-listed company as the government seeks to stabilise stock prices .
mobile operator china unicom said thursday that its state-controlled parent has bought back ## million shares in the shanghai-listed company as the government seeks to stabilise stock prices .
asian stocks were mainly lower thursday on concerns over a us bailout for the finance sector , after president george w. bush warned the us economy could slip into recession if the plan was rejected .
the dollar lost ground in asian trade on thursday on continued uncertainty about the fate of a massive us government bailout plan for the troubled financial sector , dealers said .
australian share prices closed down #.# percent thursday after wall street fell overnight as a us banking sector rescue plan remained in limbo .
israeli historian zeev <unk> , known for his criticism of jewish settlements in the occupied west bank , was injured thursday when a bomb exploded at his home , police said .
warning `` our entire economy is in danger , '' us president george w. bush called unprecedented crisis talks for thursday with white house rivals john mccain and barack obama and congressional leaders .
venezuelan president hugo chavez was due in russia on thursday for talks on military and economic cooperation between moscow and caracas amid cold war-style tensions with washington .
south africa 's third post-apartheid president is set to be sworn into office thursday after the dramatic toppling of thabo mbeki by his own party , just months before the end of his term .
anti-government protesters on thursday rejected the new thai cabinet , saying it was stocked with cronies of ousted premier thaksin shinawatra , and vowed to continue their campaign .
the philippines trade deficit for the first seven months of #### soared more than ### percent year-on-year on the back of higher oil , rice and steel costs , official data showed thursday .
taiwan 's health minister on thursday tendered his resignation amid a public outcry after the government said it would allow the sale of chinese milk products with low levels of the chemical melamine .
stocks in asia were mainly lower thursday on concerns over a us bailout for the finance sector and after president george w. bush warned the us economy could slip into recession if the plan was rejected .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday on bargain-hunting following a downturn in recent weeks , dealers said .
hong kong share prices ended the morning session up #.# percent on thursday , on the back of renewed confidence in bank of east asia and strong china stocks , dealers said .
china announced an ambitious program to improve food safety thursday as it scrambled to salvage its reputation amid a scandal over tainted milk that has sickened ##,### babies and killed four .
magician david blaine completed his ##-hour upside down ordeal in new york on wednesday , but some complained the illusionist 's bid to emulate batman was itself an illusion .
the national aeronautics and space administration has the world 's largest budget for space exploration with some ## billion dollars on hand each year for space missions and robotic research .
private companies will play an increasingly important role in space travel in the next decade , said nasa administrator michael griffin as the agency marks its ##th anniversary .
half a century after nasa was created at the height of the cold war when the united states sought to prove its superiority by winning the race to the moon , the space agency faces new challenges ahead .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday on bargain-hunting following the downturn in recent weeks , dealers said .
just ## days from the us general election , the fast-moving financial crisis has transformed the white house race into a daring duel of political brinkmanship between john mccain and barack obama .
herewith are biographical details of the three chinese astronauts due to blast off later thursday for the country 's third manned space mission , including a first space walk .
hundreds of hong kong savers swarmed bank of east asia branches for a second day thursday , but its share price bounced back after authorities insisted it was not overexposed to wall street 's crisis .
the australasian invasion of european <unk> shifts up a gear this week with the release of the eponymous debut album by new zealand singer-songwriter <unk> .
oil prices edged higher in asian trade thursday as investors worried a stalemate over the us government 's bailout plan for the ailing financial system will further damage the economy , dealers said .
as israeli holidaymakers watch the dead sea retreating , leaving massive sinkholes in its wake , palestinian farmers farther up the valley pry crops from increasingly parched soil .
dwindling shrimp stocks off greenland 's coast have local fishermen and authorities fretting that one of the island 's main sources of income , known here as `` pink gold '' , could soon vanish .
chinese share prices rallied #.## percent higher by midday thursday , led by securities firms amid hopes that china will launch margin trading very soon , dealers said .
tourists and space enthusiasts were thronging into jiuquan city in the vast deserts of northwest china thursday , keenly anticipating the launch of the nation 's third manned space flight .
china counted down thursday to its third manned space mission which for the first time will include a space walk -- a feat as risky as it is prestigious for the rising asian power .
the united states consulted wednesday with its asian and russian negotiating partners even as it seemed at a loss over how to deal with north korea 's defiance of a landmark nuclear disarmament deal .
indian prime minister manmohan singh and pakistan president asif ali zardari agreed here wednesday to kickstart an embattled peace dialogue between the two nuclear-armed rivals , with new talks to be scheduled by year 's end .
south korea has banned the import of all products containing chinese powdered milk after discovering the harmful chemical melamine in some snacks , officials said thursday .
belarus on sunday holds a parliamentary vote being watched for signs of whether `` europe 's last dictatorship '' , as washington calls the country , will warm to the west or move deeper into russia 's orbit .
britain 's opposition conservative party will gather this weekend for its annual party conference in high spirits , with polls showing it has a strong lead over the governing labor party .
hong kong share prices opened up #.# percent on thursday , as a strong performance on shanghai 's bourse overcame doubts about the us financial system , dealers said .
the united states and russia showed no signs here wednesday of ending their row over the war in georgia , but still sought to cooperate on iran 's and north korea 's nuclear programs after emotions cool .
sri lankan president mahinda rajapakse said he would not allow the tamil tigers to hold the tamil people hostage , as the decades-long conflict with the rebels escalates , his office said thursday .
myspace on thursday is launching a new music service that blends free online radio , community and ways to interact with bands and discover new tunes .
chinese stock prices were higher thursday morning led by china unicom after its parent company bought back millions of the mobile operator 's shares , dealers said .
mexico 's state-run oil consortium pemex announced wednesday that it would `` temporarily '' reduce its crude oil output due to damage caused by hurricane ike on refineries in the united states .
warning `` our entire economy is in danger , '' us president george w. bush on wednesday called unprecedented crisis talks with white house rivals john mccain and barack obama and congressional leaders .
the founder of south korea 's now-defunct daewoo group was given a suspended prison term thursday for hiding assets worth millions of dollars , months after he had been pardoned over one of the world 's largest corporate failures .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from wednesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
the dollar lost ground in asian trade on thursday on continued uncertainty about the fate of a massive us government bailout plan for the troubled financial sector , dealers said .
south africa 's third post-apartheid president is set to be sworn into office thursday after the dramatic toppling of thabo mbeki by his own party , just months before the end of his term .
south korean prime minister han seung-soo said here wednesday that north korea 's decision to kick out international nuclear inspectors from its key nuclear complex was `` very unfortunate .
it 's an `` improbable story '' about a simple man who somehow becomes the most powerful leader in the world , says director oliver stone about his new movie `` w '' a biopic of the current us president .
an obscure accounting rule is getting fresh attention in the current financial crisis , with critics saying banks are hurt by being forced to recognize losses quickly instead of holding assets until they recover .
democratic presidential hopeful barack obama on wednesday said he would attend a white house meeting thursday on the financial crisis , and stressed that the first #### us presidential debate should go ahead as scheduled friday .
democrats in house of representatives and senate were upbeat late wednesday on reaching a deal with the white house on a bailout plan for troubled wall street , a top lawmaker said .
us president george w. bush will host white house rivals john mccain and barack obama , as well as top lawmakers , for unprecedented economic crisis talks on thursday , a spokesman said wednesday .
the spanish government late wednesday confirmed the country 's fourth case of the human variant of mad cow disease , a woman who died in the northwestern region of castilla and leon last month .
democratic presidential hopeful barack obama on wednesday said he would attend a white house meeting thursday on the financial crisis , and stressed his view that the first #### us presidential debate should go ahead as scheduled friday .
indian prime minister manmohan singh and pakistan president asif ali zardari agreed here wednesday to kickstart their embattled peace dialogue , with new talks to be scheduled within three months .
us president george w. bush will host white house rivals john mccain and barack obama , as well as top lawmakers , for economic crisis talks on thursday , a spokesman said wednesday .
sputtering us automakers were offered a ##-billion-dollar shot in the arm by washington wednesday when legislators agreed to cover the cost of insuring a massive loan from the energy department .
us president george w. bush has invited white house rivals john mccain and barack obama , as well as top lawmakers , for economic crisis talks thursday , a spokesman said wednesday .
indian prime minister manmohan singh and pakistan president asif ali zardari agreed here wednesday to kickstart their embattled peace dialogue , with new talks to be scheduled within three months .
australian share prices lost #.# percent in early trade thursday after wall street fell overnight as a sweeping us banking sector rescue plan remained in limbo .
the united states and russia agreed here wednesday to hold further ministerial - level meetings in the future in a bid to stop iran 's sensitive nuclear work , a senior us official said wednesday .
the son of liberian former president charles taylor went on trial wednesday in a miami federal court on charges he was involved in summary executions and torture in the west african nation , court officials said .
the united states and russia agreed here wednesday to hold further ministerial - level meetings in the future in a bid to stop iran 's sensitive nuclear work , a senior us official said wednesday .
a novel experiment has dealt a setback to a theory that life on earth was kickstarted by bacteria that hitched a ride on space rocks .
democrats in house of representatives and senate are working together to `` rebut '' the government 's bailout plan for wall street , a spokesman for house financial services committee chairman barney frank said wednesday .
liberal lion edward kennedy , who is battling brain cancer , was returned to hospital friday after suffering a mild seizure but was set to be released , his senate office said .
italian police on friday recovered the stolen oil painting of a naked woman by french master pierre-auguste renoir , nabbed from a private collection ## years ago , and arrested three suspects .
us lawmakers grappled friday to set aside political divisions and the distractions of the white house race to hammer out a ###-billion-dollar wall street bailout and reassure jittery markets .
french foreign minister bernard kouchner announced friday that he will meet october ## in geneva with eu foreign policy chief javier solana and the head of the osce , alexander stubb , to discuss the conflict between georgia and russia .
us president george w. bush told visiting british prime minister gordon brown on friday that he was confident that us lawmakers will approve a `` big enough '' financial rescue package .
the personal records of thousands of current and former royal air force staff have been stolen , the british defense ministry confirmed friday .
the middle east diplomatic quartet on friday pressed israel and the palestinians to seal a peace deal this year and expressed `` deep concern '' over continuing settlement expansion by the jewish state in the west bank .
russia welcomes a new security council draft resolution confirming existing un sanctions over iran 's nuclear program , which six major powers agreed upon friday , the foreign ministry said .
grammy-winning rapper kanye west will not face serious charges over a scuffle with a photographer at los angeles airport whose camera equipment was damaged , prosecutors said friday .
the world bank said friday that ## nations had pledged more than #.# billion dollars to its new investment funds aimed at helping developing countries fight global warming .
french foreign minister bernard kouchner announced friday that he will meet october ## in geneva with eu foreign policy chief javier solana and the head of the osce , alexander stubb , to discuss the conflict between georgia and russia .
six major powers papered over differences on iran friday and circulated a new security council draft resolution that reaffirms existing un sanctions over tehran 's nuclear program .
myspace announced friday that the us presidential debates will be streamed online in spanish as well as english to reach a key hispanic voting bloc via the internet .
a group of mauritanian lawmakers who backed last month 's coup rejected friday an ultimatum set by the african union to reinstate president sidi ould sheikh abdallahi by october # .
the foreign ministers of germany and cuba met here friday and discussed conditions for a possible end to eu sanctions against the communist state .
us president george w. bush told visiting british prime minister gordon brown on friday that he was confident that us lawmakers will approve a `` big enough '' financial rescue package .
italian police said friday they had confiscated some #.# million counterfeit shoes made with leather containing illegal toxins , most of them from china .
global markets saw more tension friday as the white house and congress wrangled over a proposed bailout of the ailing financial sector , but wall street shares managed to finish mainly higher .
the dollar dipped against the other main currencies friday as traders awaited the fate of a a huge financial rescue package aimed at stabilizing the global finance sector and economy .
the number of americans watching video on their computers has doubled over the past year and growing numbers of younger viewers are enjoying movies and tv shows online , according to a study released friday by abi research .
italian police on friday recovered stolen oil painting of a <unk> woman by french master pierre-auguste renoir , nabbed from a private collection ## years ago , and arrested three suspects .
us congressional leaders vowed friday to work through the weekend to reach a deal on a massive financial sector rescue as the white house called for urgent action , and a new bank failure added to the gloom .
guyana plans to sue chinese timber company jailing forest industries for failing to properly report the death of a malaysian man in their employ , labor minister manzoor nadir said friday .
world powers held a first meeting on pakistan here friday and pledged development aid as a means of stabilizing the restive , nuclear-armed south asian country .
chairman of the us joint chiefs of staff admiral michael mullen on friday downplayed russia 's announced army and navy buildup and its upcoming naval exercises with venezuela in the caribbean sea .
a chinese woman was jailed for one year on friday after pleading guilty to attempting to smuggle sensitive military-grade technology to her homeland , justice officials said .
us shares ended mainly higher in a volatile session as traders staged a late rally ahead of the weekend in anticipation of a deal in washington on a massive financial rescue plan .
oil prices fell friday amid uncertainty over the fate of a proposed us government bank bailout mired in wrangling between the white house and congress .
after two days of high drama in the white house race , republican john mccain and democrat barack obama geared friday for the much-anticipated first presidential debate of the us elections .
republican running mate sarah palin , after again laying claim to foreign policy expertise because alaska is near russia , suffered a media roasting friday with one conservative calling on her to quit .
arab countries and the palestinian president on friday slammed israel over its settlement expansion policy in the west bank during debates at the united nations .
us lawmakers grappled friday to set aside political divisions and the distractions of the white house race to hammer out a ###-billion-dollar wall street bailout and reassure jittery markets .
us shares finished mainly higher in a volatile session as traders opted for buying ahead of the weekend in anticipation of a deal in washington on a massive financial rescue plan .
chrysler llc has resorted to firing ### salaried workers in order to meet targeted job reductions as it shrinks its struggling us operations , the automaker said friday .
south africa 's new president kgalema motlanthe won praise friday for quickly forming a government after a week of political turbulence , but still faces fallout from the ouster of thabo mbeki .
the collapse of washington mutual in the biggest-ever us bank failure highlighted friday the deep troubles of the sector amid a fast-moving us financial crisis .
reporters without borders -lrb- rsf -rrb- friday criticised the media coverage in the run up to weekend elections in belarus , contradicting the views of a senior un official .
france abandoned friday a promise to wipe out its public deficit by #### , as the global financial crisis sapped growth , hit the job market and forced the government to unveil a gloomy annual budget .
alitalia pilots and flight attendants dug in their heels friday as the italian government sought unanimous backing for a billion-euro plan to rescue the loss - making airline .
the battle to become congo 's next prime minister began in earnest on friday as the opposition denounced the resignation of antoine gizenga as `` an admission of failure and negligence .
six major powers papered over differences on iran friday and agreed to submit a new security council draft resolution confirming existing un sanctions over tehran 's nuclear program .
the us economy is in big trouble but policymakers agree on the need for a rescue , president george w. bush reassured friday as deadlock on a vast bank bailout plan slammed stocks and international bank lending .
tropical storm kyle could strike the northeastern us coast and canada as a hurricane by monday , according to national hurricane center forecasts on friday .
indian outsourcing provider hcl technologies ltd has offered more than ### million dollars for britain 's axon group , opening a bidding war for the information technology company .
iranians chanted `` death to israel '' on friday as islamist students unveiled a book mocking the holocaust in an al-quds -lrb- jerusalem -rrb- day annual parade to show solidarity with the palestinians .
us president george w. bush wants to suspend bolivia 's trade preferences under a <unk> trade pact rewarding countries that help battle illegal drugs , the white house said friday .
us lawmakers struggled friday to cut through a thicket of recriminations and white house campaign politics to patch together a ###-billion-dollar wall street bailout and reassure jittery markets .
belgian-dutch financial group fortis , suffering a sharp fall in its share price as it struggles to dispel liquidity concerns , replaced its chief executive friday .
with police cars wailing behind him , a ##-year-old boy sped and swerved at up to ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- an hour along a norwegian highway friday morning before he was finally forced to a halt , police said .
angola 's ruling party has named a new prime minister in the first step of a government reshuffle after legislative elections earlier this month , state radio rna reported on friday .
chairman of the us joint chiefs of staff admiral michael mullen friday sought to ease tensions with pakistan after an incident on the afghan-pakistan border , urging calm cooperation .
belgian-dutch financial group fortis , suffering a sharp fall in its share price and <unk> to dispel liquidity concerns , said friday it was replacing its chief executive .
arab countries slammed israel over its settlement expansion policy in the west bank friday during a un security council debate held only hours before a ministerial session of the middle east diplomatic quartet .
ivorian soldiers fired into the air and blockaded roads on friday in protest at the government 's failure to pay their bonuses -- the latest sign of military tensions over a fragile peace accord .
britain voiced deep concern friday about the situation in sri lanka , where government forces have advanced to the outskirts of the northern tamil tiger rebel capital .
republican members of the house of representatives friday put forward their own economic rescue package in a revolt against the government 's ###-billion-dollar bailout deal .
scientists have earmarked a remote area of the south pacific where bits of europe 's massive space freighter may crash when the orbiting craft is destroyed in a suicide plunge on monday , an official said on friday .
twitter , the popular micro-blogging service , has launched a new site , twitter election #### , to allow users to share news and comment on the us presidential election .
french prime minister francois fillon appealed friday for `` national unity '' in the face of gathering worldwide financial turmoil that he called `` a major crisis .
the international criminal court ruled friday there were sufficient grounds to try two militiamen accused of seeking to wipe out an entire village in the democratic republic of congo in #### .
a ceremonial platter used by pope benedict xvi to celebrate a mass for the sick in lourdes this month , was stolen just moments afterwards , the french catholic sanctuary said on friday .
pakistan said friday that troops have killed #,### islamist militants in a huge offensive , a day after president asif ali zardari lashed out at us forces over a clash on the afghan border .
sweden 's fashion giant h and m has been given a green light to set up shop on the champs-elysees , despite an outcry over global chain stores taking over the famed avenue , city officials said friday .
south korean director kim <unk> 's oeuvre <unk> dreams and real life friday created waves at the san sebastian festival as us actress meryl streep was honored with a lifetime achievement award .
us lawmakers vowed friday that they were cracking ahead with a massive wall street bailout and hoped to get something in place before the markets reopen after the weekend .
commodity traders from across the globe largely took their cues this week from movement over an emergency us bailout plan .
a court in croatia jailed five people on friday for up to ##-and-a-half years for embezzling some #.# million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- from a branch of austria 's raiffeisen bank .
chairman of the us joint chiefs of staff admiral michael mullen friday sought to ease tensions with pakistan after an incident on the afghan-pakistan border , saying `` now more than ever '' was time for calm cooperation .
the us economy is in big trouble but policymakers agree on the need for a rescue , president george w. bush reassured friday as deadlock on a vast bank bailout plan slammed stocks and international bank lending .
after two days of high drama , republican white house hopeful john mccain finally headed friday to join democrat barack obama for the first of three key debates in the us elections .
georgia 's parliament on friday approved a draft law that will officially designate the country 's two rebel regions `` occupied territories '' following last month 's war with russia .
the dollar edged slightly higher against the euro on friday despite a downward revision to us growth and as traders held their breath for us politicians to decide the fate of a huge financial rescue package .
global share prices crumbled friday and investor anxiety mounted as political wrangling blocked a deal to save the us finance sector , a big us bank collapsed and a european institution showed signs of stress .
china 's toxic milk scandal escalated friday as one of the nation 's famous candy brands was pulled off shelves and four more people outside the mainland were thought to have fallen ill .
here are the major companies to fail or undergo major changes resulting from the us financial crisis this year .
belgian-dutch financial group fortis closed nearly ## percent lower on the amsterdam stock exchange friday even as its bosses sought do douse liquidity concerns .
the white house on friday welcomed the us senate 's vote to admit albania and croatia into nato , and expressed hopes that macedonia may soon resolve its name dispute with greece and join the alliance .
belgian-dutch financial group fortis battled on friday to dispel liquidity concerns hammering its shares , insisting that there was `` not a single chance '' of failure .
the white house on friday defended its unprecedented economic crisis talks as white house rivals barack obama and john mccain traded accusations of political posturing at the closed-door meeting .
a swiss adventurer flew into the record books friday by crossing from france to britain on only a jet-powered wing , describing afterwards how he felt `` like a bird '' over the english channel .
after two days of high drama , republican white house hopeful john mccain finally headed friday to join democrat barack obama for the first of three key debates in the us elections .
the chairman of eurozone finance ministers , jean-claude juncker , urged us authorities on friday to agree quickly a bailout plan for the crisis-struck financial sector .
central banks again pumped tens of billions of dollars into money markets on friday as analysts used alarmist terms to describe distress in the international bank-lending system .
spain 's government presented an austerity budget for #### on friday in a bid to drag the country 's once-booming economy out of a malaise spurred by a decline in the housing sector .
a russian warship headed for the seas off somalia friday after pirates seized a ukrainian freighter carrying ## tanks , munitions and other weaponry , officials said .
us lawmakers scrambled friday to try to forge a huge ###-billion-dollar wall street bailout after president george w. bush urged them to work together to save the financial sector from collapse .
alitalia pilots and flight attendants dug in their heels friday as the italian government sought unanimous backing for a billion-euro plan to rescue the loss - making airline .
a half-billion-dollar art collection amassed over ## years by late french fashion king yves saint laurent and his companion pierre berge was unveiled friday ahead of a historic auction next february .
around ### european observers assembled here friday ahead of their deployment near georgia 's conflict zones to ensure compliance with a plan to stabilise the country rocked by a war last month .
european stock exchanges fell sharply friday , with the london ftse ### index shedding #.## percent percent to close at #,###.## points .
the us economy is in big trouble but policymakers agree on the need for a rescue , president george w. bush reassured friday as deadlock on a vast bank bailout plan slammed stocks and international bank lending .
south africa 's new president kgalema motlanthe won praise friday for quickly forming a government after a week of political turbulence , but still faces fallout from the ouster of thabo mbeki .
the chairman of eurozone finance ministers , jean-claude juncker , urged us authorities on friday to agree quickly a bailout plan for the crisis-struck financial sector .
iranians chanted `` death to israel '' on friday as islamist students unveiled a book mocking the holocaust in an al-quds -lrb- jerusalem -rrb- day annual parade to show solidarity with the palestinians .
somali <unk> closed three offices of us aid group international medical corps -lrb- imc -rrb- after storming the buildings and confiscating equipment , aid workers and residents said friday .
the hermetic state of turkmenistan formally endorsed political pluralism and market economics for the first time friday , approving a new constitution that opens the door to ties with the west .
zimbabwean opposition leader morgan tsvangirai toured banks in the capital friday to assess a severe currency shortage that has left shoppers unable to withdraw enough cash to buy even a loaf of bread .
germany 's rail operator announced the timetable friday for its long-awaited stock market listing next month , one of the biggest in europe in #### , despite a `` tense '' situation on financial markets .
warning `` we need a rescue plan '' in the face of economic crisis , us president george w. bush on friday courted and pressured lawmakers to support a massive , embattled , financial rescue plan .
wall street shares lost ground friday as an apparent stalemate in talks on a massive financial rescue plan and the biggest bank failure in us history set off fresh jitters .
one person was crushed to death under a fallen minaret as a storm hit istanbul on friday , toppling trees and ripping off roofs , officials and media reports said .
the european union wants to become a major player in space projects , eu ministers agreed friday , amid concerns that member states and industry are unwilling to provide the astronomical costs involved .
three-quarters of us voters want the first debate between republican presidential candidate john mccain and his democratic rival barack obama to go ahead friday , even though mccain has asked for a delay , a poll showed .
kenya on friday said a ukrainian ship seized by pirates off the somalia coastline was carrying military hardware including tanks destined for its armed forces .
north korea has proposed military talks with south korea next week amid a deadlocked nuclear disarmament deal , officials said friday .
kenya on friday said a ukrainian ship seized by pirates off the somalia coastline was carrying military hardware including tanks destined for its armed forces .
the founder of media watchdog reporters without borders -lrb- rsf -rrb- , robert menard , on friday announced his resignation as head of the group , saying he wanted to do something else .
us president george w. bush urged lawmakers friday to set aside differences and swiftly pass a huge rescue plan to pull the rattled financial sector back from the brink of collapse .
a memorial service will be held sunday for the victims of finland 's school massacre in which ## people , including the gunman died , the pastor who will lead the ceremony said friday .
john mccain rushed to congress first thing friday for more talks on the finance crisis , as a deadline loomed for him to decide whether to go to a presidential debate with democrat barack obama in mississippi .
a swiss adventurer flew into the history books friday by crossing from france to britain on only a jet-powered wing , describing afterwards how he felt `` like a bird '' over the english channel .
oil prices fell on friday , reversing recent gains after hopes were dashed that the us congress was about to pass a massive financial bailout package , dealers said .
russia vowed friday to bolster ties with venezuela as the leaders of the two states met amid what the kremlin described as efforts to forge a `` solid counterweight '' to the united states .
france abandoned friday a promise to wipe out its public deficit by #### , as the global financial crisis sapped growth , hit the job market and forced the government to unveil a gloomy annual budget .
more than ###,### muslims prayed in jerusalem 's flashpoint al-aqsa mosque on the last friday of ramadan amid tightened security in the holy city , israeli police said .
china 's toxic milk scandal escalated friday as one of the nation 's famous candy brands was pulled off shelves and four more people outside the mainland were thought to have fallen ill from tainted milk .
us president george w. bush urged lawmakers friday to set aside differences and swiftly pass a huge rescue plan to pull the rattled financial sector back from the brink of collapse .
a hamas parliamentarian called on friday for more suicide attacks against israel as thousands of palestinians marched through gaza in honor of al-quds -lrb- jerusalem -rrb- day , an <unk> observance .
the founder of media watchdog reporters without borders -lrb- rsf -rrb- , robert menard , on friday announced his resignation from the group , saying he wanted to do something else .
north korea has proposed military talks with south korea next week amid a deadlocked nuclear disarmament deal , officials said friday .
indian shares will continue to remain weak next week due to uncertainty about the fate of a bailout package for the troubled us financial sector , dealers said .
the us presidential campaign was rocked by high drama friday as republican white house hopeful john mccain refused to confirm he would take part in the first debate of the elections .
belgian-dutch financial group fortis battled on friday to dispel liquidity concerns hammering its shares , insisting that there was `` not a single chance '' of failure .
russia dispatched a warship to somalia on friday , a navy spokesman told afp , after a cargo ship carrying tanks and russian citizens was seized by somali pirates .
john mccain rushed to congress first thing friday for more talks on the finance crisis , as a deadline loomed for him to decide whether to go to a presidential debate with democrat barack obama in mississippi .
indian shares fell #.## percent on friday on growing concerns about the progress of a bailout package for the troubled us financial sector , dealers said .
new eu-wide rules to boost the collection and recycling of used domestic batteries came into force friday to reduce the environmental and health hazards posed by mercury , lead , cadmium and other metals .
a hamas parliamentarian called on friday for more suicide attacks against israel as thousands of palestinians marched through gaza in honor of al-quds -lrb- jerusalem -rrb- day , an <unk> observance .
us president george w. bush will make a statement at #:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- friday on contentious negotiations with lawmakers on a financial rescue package , the white house announced .
swiss adventurer yves rossy made history friday by flying across the english channel from france using only a jet-powered wing .
us economic growth was revised lower to a #.#-percent expansion pace in the second quarter , the government said friday in a report seen by analysts as offering limited insight to the future outlook .
french judges friday condemned senegal 's decision to issue an arrest warrant for a french magistrate who targeted nine senegalese officials over a ferry disaster in the west african state .
central banks pumped tens of billions of dollars into money markets again on friday as analysts used dramatic terms to describe distress in the international bank-lending system .
tropical storm kyle was churning friday on a path that would take it west of bermuda and could become a hurricane before it takes aim at the us coast , the national hurricane center said .
a ##-year-old british tourist is behind bars in russia after straying over the border from estonia during a sightseeing trip , estonian authorities said friday .
us president george w. bush will make a statement at #:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- friday on negotiations on a financial rescue package , the white house announced .
denmark 's central bank on friday said it had extended lending facilities for banks and mortgage finance groups to ease the pressure on tight liquidity .
after months of controversy , the swedish government has agreed to make changes to a new law that allows all emails and telephone calls to be monitored in the name of national security , it said friday .
south africa 's new president kgalema motlanthe won praise friday for quickly forming a government after a week of political turbulence , but still faces fallout from the ouster of thabo mbeki .
mexican police took over the headquarters of the federal investigation agency , an elite organized crime fighting unit , amid allegations the agency is tainted by ties to crime rings , media reports said friday .
germany 's rail operator announced friday the timetable for its long-awaited stock market listing next month , one of the biggest in europe in #### , despite a `` tense '' situation on financial markets .
swiss adventurer yves rossy landed in britain friday after crossing the english channel from france using only a jet-powered wing , an afp correspondent at the landing site said .
a suicide bomb in a bazaar near afghanistan 's border with pakistan friday killed five people , officials said , also reporting that ## taliban were killed in clashes elsewhere .
us economic growth was revised to show a #.# percent expansion pace in the second quarter , the government said friday in a report seen by analysts as offering limited insight to the future outlook .
bulgaria 's state security agency dans said friday it had sacked a top official after the phone calls and contacts of two mps had been listed without authorisation .
a russian warship was heading for the <unk> waters off somalia friday after a ukrainian freighter was seized with tanks and other military hardware aboard .
dozens of monitors from across the european union arrived in georgia friday for a mission aimed at easing tensions in the war-torn country , a diplomat close to the mission said .
the swedish government said friday it has agreed to change a new law that allows all emails and telephone calls to be monitored in the name of national security .
spain has entered a film set in the aftermath of the country 's civil war as its entry for the best foreign-language film oscar , officials announced friday .
swiss adventurer yves rossy landed in britain friday after crossing the english channel from france using only a jet-powered wing , an afp correspondent at the landing site said .
residents in a spanish resort bombed by basque separatist militants last month were shaken by two `` sonic booms '' friday , which some feared might be fresh attacks , a local official said .
the european commission on friday defended eu competition policy , criticised by french president nicolas sarkozy , while admitting the need to address `` the challenges of the day '' .
denmark 's central bank on friday said it has extended lending facilities for banks and mortgage finance groups to ease the pressure on tight liquidity .
france abandoned friday a promise to wipe out its public deficit by #### , as the global financial crisis sapped growth , hit the job market and forced the government to unveil a gloomy annual budget .
the united nations on friday urged concerted action to remove melamine from the food chain and restore public confidence in dairy products as china 's toxic milk scandal deepened .
a swiss adventurer jumped out a plane over the french coast friday to fly across the english channel using only a jet-powered wing , live television pictures showed .
indian shares fell #.## percent on friday on growing concerns about the progress of a bailout package for the troubled us financial sector , dealers said .
oil prices fell by nearly three dollars on friday , reversing recent gains after hopes were dashed that the us congress was about to pass a massive financial bailout package , dealers said .
china 's toxic milk scandal escalated friday as one of the nation 's famous candy brands was pulled off shelves and four more people outside the mainland were thought to have fallen ill from tainted milk .
the hermetic central asian state of turkmenistan formally endorsed political pluralism and market economics for the first time friday , approving a new constitution that opens the door to stronger ties with the west .
pakistan said friday that troops have killed #,### islamist militants in a huge offensive , a day after president asif ali zardari lashed out at us forces over a clash on the afghan border .
israeli historian zeev <unk> on friday blamed extreme right-wing jews for a pipe bomb attack that wounded him and accused the authorities of failing to crack down on homegrown militancy .
around ### palestinians protested on friday in the west bank against what they say is an israeli plan to reopen a controversial toxic waste dump near important underground springs .
russia vowed friday to bolster ties with venezuela as the leaders of the two states met amid what the kremlin described as efforts to forge a `` solid counterweight '' to the united states .
denmark 's central bank on friday said it had extended lending facilities for banks and mortgage finance groups to ease the pressure on tight liquidity .
indian troops on friday shot dead seven militants belonging to a guerrilla outfit that new delhi says is based in neighbouring bangladesh , the defense ministry said friday .
around #,### health workers and teachers massed at latvia 's parliament friday in a wage protest , as medical staff held a one-day warning strike and scores of police officers also picketed over pay .
asian and european stock markets slid on friday as the ###-billion-dollar us rescue bailout for the financial sector appeared in danger of becoming a political football , dealers said .
belgian-dutch financial group fortis battled on friday to dispel liquidity concerns hammering its shares , insisting it had ample funding and announcing plans to sell assets worth up to ## billion euros .
the dollar was flat against the euro and down versus the yen friday after major central banks pumped billions of extra dollars into money markets to help ease a global squeeze on credit .
iranians chanted `` death to israel '' as a group of islamist students unveiled a book mocking the holocaust in an annual parade on friday to show solidarity with the palestinians .
a polish court fined the country 's solidarity union hero and ex-president lech walesa #,### zloty -lrb- #,### euros ; #,### dollars -rrb- friday for having slandered one of his communist-era rivals .
a swiss adventurer prepared friday to make a new attempt to fly across the english channel using only a jet-powered wing , after postponing his bid twice due to bad weather .
the french public deficit will remain stable at #.# percent of gdp for this year and the next and will not be wiped out by #### as france had promised the european union , the government said friday .
france abandoned friday a promise to wipe out its public deficit by #### , as the global financial crisis sapped growth , hit the job market and forced the government to unveil a gloomy annual budget .
a bird that swooped over the waters covering what is now southeast england had wings that spanned five metres -lrb- ##.## feet -rrb- tip to tip and had bony teeth with which to grab its food , a study published on friday said .
friday 's highly anticipated first debate between white house hopefuls john mccain and barack obama remained in limbo as washington legislators clashed over a huge financial sector bailout .
senior russian and venezuelan energy officials pledged here friday to boost cooperation between the oil-rich us rivals during a visit to russia by venezuelan president hugo chavez .
the taiwan government on friday took over a failing bank to stem its financial woes .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on friday amid uncertainty about the progress of a ###-billion-dollar plan in the us still awaiting agreement from congress , dealers said .
armed police in trucks patrolled myanmar 's main city friday as frightened protesters stayed home on the anniversary of last year 's brutal military crackdown on mass anti-government protests .
asian stock markets fell friday as lawmakers in the us were gridlocked on a ### - billion-dollar rescue plan for the us financial system despite earlier hopes that a deal was near .
indian shares fell three percent in late afternoon trade friday , hit by growing concerns about the progress of a bailout package for the troubled us financial sector , dealers said .
china 's three astronauts spent their first day in orbit friday preparing for a much-anticipated walk outside their craft , as japan voiced hopes its giant neighbor had peaceful aims in space .
belgian-dutch bank fortis said friday it would sell assets worth up to ## billion euros as its shares plummeted yet again amid fears of a liquidity crisis .
parents of a ##.# kilogramme -lrb- ##.# pounds -rrb- baby born in southern bangladesh were forced to hide their newborn this week after thousands of villagers flocked to see the infant , doctors said friday .
new eu-wide rules to boost the collection and recycling of used domestic batteries came into force friday to reduce the environmental and health hazards posed by mercury , lead , cadmium and other metals .
hong kong share prices will struggle next week as investors grasp for any signs of market confidence , but a giant rescue package in the united states could improve sentiment , dealers said .
chinese share prices closed down slightly friday , losing #.## percent in cautious trading in the final session before weeklong national day holiday , dealers said .
hong kong share prices will struggle next week as investors grasp for any signs of market confidence , but a giant rescue package in the united states could improve sentiment , dealers said .
the head of lufthansa , the leading german airline , was in rome friday at the invitation of the italian government , an airline spokeswoman told afp , as talks on alitalia 's future neared a deadline .
thailand 's newly appointed cabinet held its first meeting friday at an abandoned airport terminal , as protesters continued to block access to government offices .
indonesian shares slipped #.# percent friday on fears over the lingering financial crisis in the united states , dealers said .
indonesian shares slipped #.# percent friday on fears over the lingering financial crisis in the united states , dealers said .
switzerland 's government said friday it has decided to extend its sanctions against myanmar to include a ban on wood imports , bringing its measures in line with the european union .
malaysian share prices closed #.# percent lower friday amid local political concerns and the upcoming eid al-fitr muslim holidays , dealers said .
indonesian shares slipped #.# percent friday on fears over the lingering financial crisis in the united states , dealers said .
banking giant hsbc is to cut #,### jobs worldwide because of the volatile global financial environment , a spokesman said friday .
iranians chanted `` death to israel '' as a group of islamist students unveiled a book mocking the holocaust in an annual parade on friday to show solidarity with the palestinians .
the head of lufthansa , the leading german airline , was in rome friday at the invitation of the italian government , an airline spokeswoman told afp , as talks on alitalia 's future neared a deadline .
the energy-rich central asian state of turkmenistan friday adopted a new constitution promoting multi-party politics and a market economy for the first time , officials said .
belgian financial authorities said on friday that they were on high alert about fortis as shares in the belgian-dutch financial group plunged over ## percent in a second day of heavy losses .
wolfgang mayrhuber , the head of lufthansa , the leading german airline , was in rome friday at the invitation of the italian government , a lufthansa spokeswoman told afp , as talks on alitalia 's future neared a deadline .
french pair jo-wilfried tsonga and gael monfils will clash for the first time in the semi-finals of the thailand open after both secured straight-set victories here friday .
thailand 's newly appointed cabinet held its first meeting friday at an abandoned airport terminal , as protesters continued to block access to government offices .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on friday , as uncertainty over a us financial rescue plan kept investors away , dealers said .
chinese share prices closed down slightly friday , losing #.## percent in cautious trading in the final session before weeklong national day holiday , dealers said .
the us federal reserve launched friday a new effort with other central banks to keep money markets alive as us lawmakers wrangled over a plan to end the worst financial crisis in almost a century .
the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- and vietnam on friday signed the bank 's biggest single loan project , for a four-lane highway linking hanoi with southern china .
russia said friday it would bolster ties with venezuela as the leaders of the two states met amid what the kremlin described as efforts to forge a `` solid counterweight '' to the united states .
south africa 's new president kgalema motlanthe won praise friday for quickly forming a government after a week of political turbulence that resulted in the ouster of his predecessor .
the clock was ticking down friday to a resolution of alitalia 's financial crisis as unions faced a #:## pm -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- deadline to sign on to a rescue plan for the near bankrupt airline .
cambodian prime minister hun sen on friday renewed his ban on beauty pageants in the southeast asian country , calling a previous beauty contest `` bad luck .
thailand 's supreme court on friday issued a fourth arrest warrant for ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra , who is living in self-imposed exile in britain .
the nato-led force in afghanistan said friday it was trying to establish what led pakistani forces to fire on two us helicopters , repeating that the choppers had not crossed the border .
authorities in the south korean capital seoul friday announced a crackdown on the city 's anarchic motorcyclists , who routinely speed along pavements or across pedestrian crossings .
germany will give another three million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- to cambodia 's un-backed khmer rouge war crimes tribunal , the country announced in a statement friday .
the energy-rich central asian state of turkmenistan friday adopted a new constitution promoting multi-party politics and a market economy for the first time , officials said .
taiwan shares are expected to fall next week amid concerns over the global financial system as fate of the us government 's ### billion dollar bailout plan remains uncertain , dealers said friday .
john mccain is going all-in on the biggest bet of a political career marked by instinctive gambles , seeking new life for his white house bid in the political convulsions set off by the finance crisis .
asian and european stock markets fell on friday as political wrangling held up a ###-billion-dollar bailout package for the us financial system despite earlier hopes that a deal was near .
the french economy shrunk by #.# percent in the second quarter of #### , the government confirmed friday as it prepared to present an annual budget against a background of world financial turmoil .
hong kong supermarkets cleared a popular brand of biscuits from shelves friday , after tests in macau showed it contained large amounts of an industrial chemical linked to china 's toxic milk scandal .
china 's toxic milk scandal escalated friday as one of the country 's best-known candy brands was pulled off the shelves and more nations around the world imposed curbs on chinese imports .
shares in belgian-dutch bank fortis fell more than ## percent friday , having lost some ## percent at one stage the previous day despite its denial that it faced liquidity problems .
dozens of monitors from across the european union arrived in georgia friday for a mission intended to ease tensions in the war-torn country , a western diplomat close to the mission said .
south korea 's state pension fund , the world 's fifth largest , has posted a negative return so far this year due to global financial turmoil , officials said friday .
ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko friday warned there could be early parliamentary and presidential elections as part of a spiralling row with president viktor yushchenko in this ex-soviet state .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on friday , as uncertainty over a us financial rescue plan kept investors away , dealers said .
hong kong gold prices closed lower on friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from thursday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
oil prices fell on friday , reversing the previous day 's gains after hopes were dashed that the us congress was about to pass a massive financial bailout package , dealers said .
us leaders braced for a new day of drama friday over an enormous financial rescue plan after white house campaign politics intruded into round-the-clock deliberations in congress .
pakistan 's president asif ali zardari has lashed out at the united states after its troops traded gunfire sparked by claims pakistan forces shot at us helicopters for allegedly violating airspace .
south korean shares closed #.## percent lower friday on renewed concern that a massive bailout for the us financial system could be delayed by political wrangling , analysts said .
germany 's state rail operator deutsche bahn said on friday that its stock market listing , one of the biggest european public offerings of the year , will take place on october ## .
banking giant hsbc is to cut #,### jobs worldwide because of the volatile global financial environment , a spokesman said friday .
pakistan said friday that troops have killed #,### islamist militants in a huge offensive , a day after president asif ali zardari lashed out at the us over a clash on the afghan border .
europe 's leading stock markets sank friday in early trade , hit by growing doubts about the progress of a ###-billion-dollar bailout package for the us financial sector , dealers said .
china 's three astronauts spent their first day in orbit friday preparing for a much-anticipated walk outside their craft , as japan voiced hopes its giant neighbor had peaceful aims in space .
armed police in trucks patrolled myanmar 's main city friday as frightened protesters stayed home on the anniversary of last year 's brutal military crackdown on mass anti-government protests .
taiwan 's pizza hut said friday it had pulled grated cheese from its outlets after they were found to contain unacceptably high levels of the industrial chemical melamine .
an angry us public and congress are pushing to snip the rip cord on golden parachutes used by fat cat ceos to escape wall street 's mayhem .
pakistani troops have killed more than #,### al-qaeda and taliban militants , including five top commanders , in a month-long offensive near the afghan border , the military said friday .
the only listed chinese dairy company to escape the toxic milk scandal said trading in its shares was suspended friday amid a report it may acquire the firm that triggered the nationwide alert .
the us fed launched fresh joint action with other central banks friday to keep money markets alive as washington wrangled over a rescue package to end the worst financial crisis in decades .
microsoft chief executive steve ballmer says he is confident the technology industry is buffered from the us economic crisis .
the australian government announced friday it would invest four billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion us dollars -rrb- in the mortgage market in response to the global credit crunch .
malaysian premier abdullah ahmad badawi said friday he may not seek re-election as ruling party leader in march polls , indicating he could quit well before a planned transition in #### .
ecuadorans vote sunday on a new constitution that expands the powers of president rafael correa and ushers in what he calls `` ##st century socialism , '' in lock step with his leftist allies in venezuela and bolivia .
the french economy shrunk by #.# percent in the second quarter of #### , the government confirmed friday as it prepared to present an annual budget against a background of world financial turmoil .
jpmorgan chase took over washington mutual after it collapsed in the largest us bank failure ever , adding to the massive pressures on the us financial system .
chinese share prices closed down slightly friday , losing #.## percent in cautious trading in the final session before the weeklong national day holiday , dealers said .
south korea and india have reached agreement on a free trade deal after talks lasting two and a half years , the trade ministry said friday .
new zealand share prices fell #.## percent friday amid arguments among us lawmakers over the planned government financial rescue package , dealers said .
australian shares closed down #.# percent on friday , in line with asian markets which were mostly lower amid wrangling over the proposed ###-billion-dollar us bailout for wall street , dealers said .
europe 's leading stock markets sank in opening trade on friday amid political wrangling over a ###-billion-dollar bailout package for the us financial sector .
south korean shares closed #.## percent lower friday on renewed concern that a massive bailout for the us financial system could be delayed by political wrangling , analysts said .
pakistani troops have killed more than #,### al-qaeda and taliban militants , including five top commanders , in a month-long offensive near the afghan border , the military said friday .
asian stock markets fell friday as political wrangling held up a ###-billion - dollar bailout package for the us financial system despite earlier hopes that a deal was near .
philippines police seized #.## tonnes of powdered milk friday in a precautionary measure to prevent possible exposure to contaminated milk products from china , officials said .
australian shares closed down #.# percent on friday , in line with asian markets which were mostly lower amid wrangling over the us 's ###-billion dollar bailout of wall street , dealers said .
new zealand share prices fell #.## percent friday amid arguments among us lawmakers over the planed government financial rescue package , dealers said .
taiwan shares closed down #.## percent friday on uncertainty over the fate of the us government 's bailout plan for its financial market , dealers said .
the body of a south korean coastguard officer was found floating in the sea friday after he went missing during a clash with illegal chinese fishermen , officials said .
malaysian premier abdullah ahmad badawi said friday he may not take part in his party 's leadership contest next march , indicating he could quit well before a planned transition in #### .
the dollar drifted lower in asian trade friday as political wrangling held up a proposed wall street bailout plan , adding to market jitters , dealers said .
new zealand fell into its first recession for a decade during the first half of this year as the global credit crunch took hold , official figures showed friday .
thai immigration police have arrested a dutchman suspected of being the ringleader of gang which smuggled drugs into norway , a police official said friday .
china 's space city jiuquan was beaming with pride friday , a day after the nation 's third manned space flight blasted off in a show of the asian power 's newfound might and prestige .
taiwan shares closed down #.## percent friday on uncertainty over the fate of the us government 's bailout plan for its financial market , dealers said .
the world health organisation warned friday more deaths could still occur from china 's toxic milk scandal that has already killed four infants and sickened another ##,### .
pakistani troops have killed more than #,### al-qaeda and taliban rebels , including five top commanders , in a month-long offensive near the afghan border , the military said friday .
john mccain is going all-in on the biggest bet of a political career marked by instinctive gambles , seeking new life for his white house bid in the political convulsions set off by the finance crisis .
pakistani troops have killed more than #,### al-qaeda and taliban rebels , including five top commanders , in a month-long offensive near the afghan border , the military said friday .
insurgents shot dead four muslim men across thailand 's restive south , police said friday .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher on friday after a rally on wall street , bucking a trend in asia as most markets were down , dealers said .
a us soldier was killed in iraq when a roadside bomb struck his vehicle , the american military said friday .
venezuelan president hugo chavez was to meet russian counterpart dmitry medvedev on friday after russia risked washington 's wrath by offering the fierce us foe help developing nuclear energy .
chinese share prices edged down #.## percent by midday friday in cautious trade ahead of next week 's national day holidays , dealers said .
us leaders braced for a new day of drama friday over an enormous financial rescue plan after white house campaign politics intruded into round-the-clock deliberations in congress .
malaysian premier abdullah ahmad badawi indicated friday he could step down next march , saying he had not decided whether to stand in ruling party leadership elections to be held then .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher on friday after a rally on wall street , bucking a trend in asia as most markets were down , dealers said .
an angry us public and congress demanded thursday to snip the rip cord on golden parachutes used by fat cat ceos to escape wall street 's mayhem .
banking giant hsbc is to cut #,### jobs worldwide because of the volatile global financial environment , a spokesman said friday .
stocks were mostly down across asia friday as political wrangling held up a ### - billion-dollar bailout package for the us financial system despite earlier hopes that a deal was near .
china 's toxic milk scandal escalated friday as one of the country 's best-known candy brands was pulled off the shelves and more nations around the world imposed curbs on chinese imports .
the maker of one of china 's best known brands , white rabbit candy , announced friday it was halting domestic sales after its products were found to contain melamine .
the dollar drifted lower in asian trade friday as political wrangling held up a proposed wall street bailout plan , dealers said .
china 's three astronauts spent their first day in orbit friday spoilt with a spicy <unk> menu as they prepared for the most dangerous part of their mission -- the nation 's first space walk .
malaysia 's ruling party held emergency talks friday , amid speculation prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi could be forced to step down in #### , a year earlier than planned .
the us government thursday closed struggling washington mutual , one of the country 's largest savings and loans banks , allowing jpmorgan chase to buy its operations for #.# billion dollars .
former cuban president fidel castro mocked us president george w. bush for the speech he gave late wednesday on the spiraling us financial crisis .
a leading international rights group friday denounced `` continued repression '' by the myanmar military a year after a crackdown on massive street protests left at least ## dead .
republicans stymied a late-night session of talks designed to resurrect an enormous economic bailout package but new negotiations will be held in the morning , a top democrat said late thursday .
chinese share prices edged higher friday morning in cautious trade ahead of next week 's national day holidays , dealers said .
south korea 's largest automaker hyundai motor reached a deal with its union to end a protracted dispute which has cost more than ### million dollars in lost production , the company said friday .
former taiwanese president chen shui-bian 's treasurer has been detained for her suspected role in a money laundering scandal implicating chen and his family , a court official said friday .
global banking giant hsbc is to cut #,### jobs worldwide because of the volatile global financial environment , a spokesman said friday .
hong kong share prices opened down #.# percent on friday , as concerns grew that a us financial rescue plan could be snared in political gridlock , dealers said .
political wrangling on thursday blocked a potential deal on a bailout package for the battered us financial system , after us markets rallied on optimism that a deal was imminent .
a convicted murderer was put to death by lethal injection thursday in central us state of oklahoma , a state department of corrections spokesman said .
china 's leading xinhua news agency reported the successful flight of the shenzhou vii hours before the nation 's third-ever manned space mission had even lifted off .
in a mirror image of kirkuk , the kurdish town of khanaqin near the border with iran that holds sizeable oil reserves is being exposed to ethnic tensions and rival territorial claims .
pakistan 's president asif ali zardari lashed out at the united states after their troops traded gunfire sparked by claims pakistan forces shot at two us helicopters for alleged violation of airspace on the border with afghanistan .
though her husband , and her hopes , were killed in the congo war , the plump , greying woman now dares to dream again thanks to a brand new dutch restaurant set up to train refugees .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from thursday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
us bank jpmorgan chase took over struggling washington mutual for #.# billion dollars , the us federal deposit insurance agency -lrb- fdic -rrb- announced late thursday .
top democrats angrily accused republican white house contender john mccain late thursday of sabotaging an <unk> expensive deal to bail out wall street and shore up the us economy .
mississippi was thursday holding its breath ahead of the much anticipated first debate between white house hopefuls barack obama and john mccain , unsure if it would actually go ahead .
new zealand fell into its first recession for a decade during the first half of this year , official figures showed friday .
us bank jpmorgan chase took over struggling washington mutual for #.# billion dollars , the us federal deposit insurance agency -lrb- fdic -rrb- announced late thursday .
an angry us public and congress demanded thursday to snip the rip cord on golden parachutes used by fat cat ceos to escape wall street 's mayhem .
australian share prices rose #.# percent in early trade friday , tracking an overnight surge on wall street amid signs a deal was near on the us government 's bailout plan for ailing financial firms .
on wednesday night three families abandoned ## children at nebraska hospitals , as officials in the rural midwestern state scrambled to respond to a rash of parents giving up their children .
after just ## months as prime minister of democratic republic of congo , antoine gizenga handed in his resignation thursday to one-time rival president joseph kabila .
the potential link between mobile telephones and brain cancer could be similar to the link between lung cancer and smoking -- something tobacco companies took ## years to recognize , us scientists warned thursday .
top democrats angrily accused republican white house contender john mccain late thursday of sabotaging an <unk> expensive deal to bail out wall street and shore up the us economy .
us scientists have found a safer method of turning mice skin cells into `` induced pluripotent stem cells '' -lrb- ips -rrb- , in a potential breakthrough in the quest for regenerative therapy , researchers said thursday .
prosecutors in the o.j. simpson trial rested their case monday with testimony from a gunman who claimed the sports star asked him to bring a weapon to a confrontation with two memorabilia dealers at a las vegas hotel last year .
the house of representatives monday approved a one-year extention of us trade preferences for four andean nations -- bolivia , colombia , ecuador , peru -- that had been set to expire on december ## .
monday 's record stock plunge saw approximately #.# trillion dollars wiped off the market value -- the first-ever trillion-dollar one-day loss , according to the dow jones wilshire #### , the broadest measure of market activity .
the un general assembly will meet on october # to discuss a serbian draft resolution calling for a ruling by the international court of justice -lrb- icj -rrb- on the legality of kosovo 's independence , a spokesman said monday .
the dow jones industrial average plummeted more than ### points monday after congress turned down a wall street bailout bill .
the us state department on monday condemned the murder of the highest-ranking woman in the afghan police force , saying the attack aimed at undermining efforts to rebuild afghanistan .
the euro and the pound slid against the dollar monday after the rescue of several european banks deepened worries about the global financial system .
the united states said monday it supports pakistan 's `` territorial integrity '' amid tension between the two allies over how to stop militant attacks launched from pakistan into afghanistan .
the us state department on monday condemned the murder of the most high-profile female police officer in afghanistan by islamist militants .
the us house of representatives monday dramatically rejected a ###-billion - dollar wall street bailout , sending stocks crashing to their worst single day loss ever and deepening the us financial crisis .
shocked , open-mouthed and fearful us lawmakers stood in the well of the house of representatives monday , dumbfounded by the magnitude of the chamber 's decision to kill a bid to save wall street .
republican white house contender john mccain urged members of congress monday to `` immediately '' renew efforts to craft wall street bailout legislation , after a bill to help resolve the widening financial crisis was defeated in the house of representatives .
global markets panicked monday after us lawmakers rejected a ###-billion-dollar rescue of the financial system , raising the prospect of deeper financial turmoil .
president nicolas sarkozy on monday battled to contain fallout from the global financial crisis , moving ahead with plans for a world summit and calling a meeting of french banking and insurance chiefs .
massachusetts institute of technology -lrb- mit -rrb- scientists said monday they have moved closer to creating `` artificial noses , '' after finding a way to mass-produce smell receptors in a laboratory .
global financial gloom deepened monday , with markets in disarray after us lawmakers rejected a massive rescue plan , and tensions high following government-backed rescues for ailing european banks and us-based wachovia .
french group vinci construction grand projects was on monday invited to bid for transport and communications infrastructure projects in turkmenistan , state news agency <unk> said .
new zealand share prices dived #.# percent in early trading tuesday following the worst ever fall by blue chips on wall street as us legislators rejected a massive rescue package for the financial system .
un boss ban ki-moon and the security council on monday strongly condemned the car bombing that left five people dead in the northern lebanese city of tripoli and expressed hope that those responsible would be brought to justice .
republican white house contender john mccain urged members of congress monday to `` immediately '' renew efforts to craft wall street bailout legislation , after a bill to help resolve the widening financial crisis was defeated in the house of representatives .
citigroup agreed to buy troubled wachovia 's banking operations in a deal monday that gives the us government a stake in another sector shakeup amid the worst financial crisis since the great depression .
wall street blue-chip stocks suffered their worst single-day point decline monday as markets went into convulsions after us lawmakers rejected a massive rescue of the financial system .
un boss ban ki-moon on monday strongly condemned the car bombing that left five people dead in the northern lebanese city of tripoli and expressed hope that those responsible would be brought to justice .
wall street blue-chip stocks suffered their worst single-day point decline monday as markets went into convulsions after us lawmakers rejected a massive rescue of the financial system .
john galliano heeded the call of the wild for christian dior on monday , unveiling his `` tribal chic '' look for next summer which partnered tame silk chiffon with python and <unk> .
the us house of representatives monday dramatically rejected a ###-billion - dollar wall street bailout , sending stocks crashing to their worst single day loss ever and deepening the us financial crisis .
`` eagle eye , '' a futuristic thriller about a big <unk> villain who <unk> phones , tvs and computers , soared over the weekend box office , final figures showed monday .
us treasury secretary henry paulson said monday that us regulators will use `` all the tools available '' to help the us economy , but warned their powers were `` insufficient '' and a rescue plan was urgently needed .
us president george w. bush met monday with the leaders of lithuania and ukraine to discuss the fallout from russia 's war in georgia and warned moscow against `` bullying '' its democratic neighbors .
a constitutional referendum to expand the authority of ecuador 's president rafael correa easily won approval with ## percent of the vote , according to <unk> results released monday .
the eastern port of baltimore became the first major city in the united states on monday to be blanketed with a wireless broadband network that uses next - generation mobile wimax technology .
crude oil plunged ## percent monday after the us house of representatives narrowly rejected a ###-billion-dollar government bailout of the financial sector , throwing markets into a tailspin .
georges <unk> , a leading tunisian leftist politician , died sunday from a heart attack at the age of ## , the movement <unk> party said in a statement .
us blue-chip stocks suffered their worst single-day point decline ever monday as markets went into convulsions after us lawmakers rejected a ###-billion-dollar rescue of the financial system .
loyalists of autocratic belarussian president alexander lukashenko won every seat monday in parliamentary polls that were widely condemned by the us government and western observers .
myanmar 's foreign minister foreign minister nyan win on monday called for the lifting of what he called `` unwarranted '' and `` counter-productive '' western sanctions against his country .
defense secretary robert gates on monday warned rising officers of the limits of us military power and encouraged them to be skeptical of technological solutions to complex wars .
democrat barack obama appealed for calm on reeling global markets monday , confident that congress would eventually relent on a bailout package dramatically thrown out by the house of representatives .
us navy ships monday surrounded a ship seized by somali pirates carrying tanks and other weapons , amid confusion about the cargo 's destination and reports the ship 's captain had died .
four tons of cocaine have been discovered in the hold of a shrimp trawler ### miles -lrb- ### kilometers -rrb- off the pacific coast of oaxaca , mexico , the mexican navy announced monday .
a top advisor for republican presidential nominee john mccain on monday blamed democratic rival barack obama for congress 's failure to pass wall street rescue legislation .
the trial opened in ivory coast on monday of ## people charged with involvement in a #### toxic waste scandal which killed ## ivorians and poisoned thousands .
us negotiator christopher hill has accepted an invitation to visit pyongyang this week to discuss ways to salvage north korea 's nuclear disarmament process , the state department said monday .
belgium 's federal government and its three main regions tentatively agreed late monday to help come to the rescue of embattled franco-belgian bank dexia , the government announced .
the us house of representatives on monday dramatically rejected a ### billion dollar wall street bailout plan , sending stocks <unk> throwing desperate efforts to calm the us financial crisis into disarray .
belgium 's federal government and its three main regions tentatively agreed late monday to help come to the rescue of embattled franco-belgian bank dexia , the government announced .
four lebanese soldiers and a civilian were killed on monday in a car bombing targeting an army bus on the outskirts of the restive northern city of tripoli , security and military officials said .
global markets went into convulsions monday after us lawmakers rejected a ### - billion-dollar rescue of the financial system , raising the prospect of deeper financial turmoil .
two moroccan radio stations were given a partial ban starting on monday after one was accused of breaking public decency rules and the other charged with giving free publicity to a property firm .
the dow jones industrials plunged over ### points monday after the rejection by us lawmakers of a massive rescue plan for the financial system .
the sao paulo stock exchange suspended operations monday for a half-hour after the main index ibovespa fell ## percent .
dozens of people demonstrated monday in athens in favor of gay unions ahead of a trial set for this week , with a prosecutor seeking to have greece 's first two such unions declared null and void .
global markets went into convulsions monday after us lawmakers rejected a ### - billion-dollar rescue of the financial system , raising the prospect of deeper financial turmoil .
a us soldier was fatally wounded when his patrol came under small-arms fire in northern baghdad on monday , the american military announced .
eid al-fitr festivities marking the end of the muslim holy fasting month of ramadan will be celebrated from tuesday in saudi arabia , lebanon , libya and jordan , officials said .
crude oil plunged more than ## dollars a barrel monday in new york after the us house of representatives rejected a ###-billion-dollar bailout of the financial sector .
republican white house hopeful john mccain on monday defended his running mate sarah palin amid growing criticism of the vice presidential nominee , telling supporters `` she 's going to be my partner in washington .
us immigration officials on monday announced moves to ease and speed up visa - processing for hiv-positive visitors to the united states , months after a ##-year entry ban on people with the virus was lifted .
a court in spain on monday sentenced three members of the armed basque separatist group eta to sentences of up to nearly #,### years in jail for a car bombing in a busy residential area of madrid in #### that injured ## people .
slovenia 's electoral commission has published the final parliamentary vote results , confirming the victory of the centre-left opposition led by borut pahor 's social democrats -lrb- sd -rrb- .
best-selling author terry pratchett , who has alzheimer 's disease , warned monday that britain faced a `` tsunami '' of dementia sufferers and pleaded for more funding into research .
eid al-fitr festivities marking the end of the moslem holy fasting month of ramadan will be celebrated from tuesday in saudi arabia , lebanon , libya and jordan , officials said .
the amsterdam stock exchange chalked up its worst day in ## years monday as embattled belgian-dutch bank fortis plunged ##.## percent despite news of a multi-national rescue plan .
the us house of representatives on monday dramatically rejected a ### billion dollar wall street bailout plan , throwing desperate efforts to calm the us financial crisis into disarray .
several us warships are keeping watch on a vessel seized by somali pirates to ensure they do not unload the weapons on board , the us navy said on monday .
the united states condemned monday what it called the `` senseless attack '' in northern lebanon that security officials say killed four lebanese soldiers .
the us house of representatives on monday rejected a ###-billion-dollar wall street bailout bill , throwing efforts to calm the financial crisis rocking global markets into turmoil .
us president george w. bush told visiting lithuanian president valdas adamkus on monday that russia 's democratic neighbors , like georgia , should be able to exist `` without fear of bullying .
a group of european tourists and their guides snatched by armed bandits in a remote desert ## days ago were freed unharmed in a pre-dawn raid by egyptian special forces on monday , officials in egypt said .
crude oil plunged more than nine dollars a barrel monday after the us house of representatives appeared on the verge of rejecting a ###-billion-dollar bailout of financial firms .
the us state department on monday condemned what it called the `` senseless attack '' in northern lebanon that security officials say killed four lebanese soldiers .
spain 's nuclear safety agency issued an alert monday after a case of equipment containing low-level radioactive material was stolen from a road works site , the second such incident this year .
us blue-chip stocks plunged more than ### points monday as the house of representatives voted on a ###-billion-dollar bailout of financial firms .
iraq 's president jalal talabani returned home monday after heart surgery and warned that a delay in an agreement on the presence of us troops in the country beyond #### could undermine sovereignty .
brandishing flags , pictures and banners , some ### bosnian serbs gathered here monday to support bosnian serb wartime leader radovan karadzic .
the dollar gained ground on the euro monday as the rescue of several european banks deepened fears for the fate of the global financial system .
council of europe lawmakers will decide wednesday whether to withdraw russia 's voting rights amid a debate on moscow 's conflict with georgia , after a request to do so by two dozen members .
slovenia expressed `` concern '' on monday over results from elections in neighbouring austria over the weekend that saw the far-right deal a severe blow to mainstream parties .
eid al-fitr festivities marking the end of the holy fasting month of ramadan will be celebrated on tuesday in saudi arabia , lebanon , libya and jordan , officials said .
iran and north korea both came under fire over their contested nuclear activities on the first day of the un atomic watchdog 's general conference here monday .
a hungarian opposition lawmaker said monday that his party is seeking the prosecution of the minister in charge of the country 's intelligence services for breach of privacy .
iran on monday condemned the bomb attack in lebanon that killed four soldiers and blamed israel of responsibility for the bombing , the official irna news agency reported .
a bosnian court on monday jailed four ethnic serbs and one croat for crimes against muslim civilians and prisoners during the country 's ####-#### war .
president nicolas sarkozy on monday battled to contain fallout from the global financial crisis , moving ahead with plans for a world summit and calling a meeting of french banking and insurance chiefs .
global stock markets plunged monday as a series of us and european bank failures rattled investor hopes that the financial crisis can be contained by a massive us bailout plan .
a powerful earthquake with a #.# magnitude struck off new zealand early tuesday , the us geological survey said , but there were no early reports of casualties or significant damage .
oil prices sank below ### dollars monday on worries about long-term global energy demand , as traders feared that the tentative us bailout deal would fail to boost slowing global economic growth .
oil prices sank below ### dollars monday on worries about long-term global energy demand , as traders feared that the tentative us bailout deal would fail to boost slowing global economic growth .
europe 's space freighter was destroyed over the south pacific on monday , ending a <unk> successful maiden mission to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- , officials said .
french unemployment recorded its biggest monthly spike in ## years last month , with more than ##,### people signing up to join the ranks of those seeking work , the government said monday .
the amsterdam stock exchange fell #.## percent monday on the back of embattled belgian-dutch bank fortis plummeting ##.## percent despite the announcement of a multi-national rescue plan .
troubled financial group fortis admitted on monday that past errors had triggered the crisis that required the benelux nations to hammer out a ##.# - billion-euro bailout over the weekend .
four lebanese soldiers were killed on monday in a car bombing targeting an army bus on the outskirts of the restive northern city of tripoli , security and military officials said .
us digital video recording pioneer tivo inc. and germany 's nero ag unveiled a product on monday that allows the popular tivo capturing of television shows on a personal computer .
the head of the african union told french radio monday he was `` surprised '' that mauritania 's ruling military junta had rejected the bloc 's october # deadline to `` restore constitutional order .
count maurice <unk> , the founding father of troubled dutch-belgian group fortis , played a central role in belgium 's financial sector for ## years , before falling on his sword over the weekend .
princess maertha louise , the eldest child of king harald v and queen sonja of norway , gave birth to her third child monday , naming her emma tallulah , the royal palace said .
thomas cook , the british travel group , said monday it had pulled out of discussions on merging its german low-cost airline with lufthansa 's germanwings and <unk> germany .
a global financial crisis slammed european banks monday in an assault that analysts said underscored vulnerability to problems created on the other side of the atlantic .
stock markets across the nordic region plummeted monday , following the lead of other european bourses jittery about the global banking sector crisis .
eu nations agreed on monday to maintain the bloc 's existing fishing quotas despite its flaws and frequent criticism .
the amsterdam stock exchange fell #.## percent monday on the back of belgian - dutch bank fortis plummeting ##.## percent despite the announcement of a multi - national rescue plan .
leading belgian shares closed down on monday with a loss of nearly eight percent with banking groups dexia and fortis in freefall despite state guarantees to keep them in business .
awaiting a trumpeted pull-back of russian troops , georgian police guarding a watery sliver of land in front of the abkhaz rebel border seem more cowed than optimistic .
citigroup took over wachovia bank in the latest forced marriage of the global financial crisis as congress began debating a ### billion-dollar bailout plan and european banks were shaken by the debt turmoil .
a group of european tourists and their guides snatched by armed bandits in a remote desert ## days ago were freed unharmed in a pre-dawn raid by egyptian special forces on monday , officials said .
crises at european bank groups are forcing governments to return to playing a crucial role in european finance and they are likely to demand a regulatory clampdown on the sector as the price to be paid .
defense secretary robert gates on monday warned rising officers of the limits of us military power and encouraged them to be skeptical of technological solutions to complex wars .
the un security council on monday unanimously agreed to extend the mandate of the un peacekeeping force in liberia -lrb- unmil -rrb- for one year and endorsed a call to further cut its military component .
alitalia flight attendants reluctantly signed on monday to a rescue plan for the italian flagship , pulling it back from the brink of bankruptcy and shifting the focus to the search for a foreign partner .
the us house of representatives monday honed in on a vital vote on a ### billion wall street bailout after president george w. bush called for immediate action to ease the financial crisis .
a powerful earthquake with a #.# magnitude struck off new zealand early tuesday , the us geological survey said , but there were no early reports of casualties or significant damage .
world famous italian architect renzo piano was named monday as the winner of the <unk> #### -- denmark 's most prestigious cultural award .
a catholic priest in germany went on trial on monday charged with a total of ### crimes including blackmail , fraud , breach of trust , coercion and assault .
hurricane kyle knocked down power lines and trees in eastern canada but authorities said monday the weakened storm caused no injuries or major property damage as initially feared .
european stock markets plunged monday , posting very sharp losses as a series of us and european bank failures rattled investor hopes that the financial crisis can be contained by a massive us bailout plan .
russia reaffirmed its opposition to north korea 's nuclear weapons program in a summit with south korea on monday , as moscow and seoul concluded a pair of key energy deals .
a constitutional referendum to expand the authority of ecuador 's president rafael correa easily won approval with ## percent of the vote , according to results released monday .
us navy ships on monday surrounded a ship seized by somali pirates carrying tanks and other weapons for which they have demanded a ## million dollar ransom , officials said .
european stock markets plunged monday , posting sharp losses as a series of us and european bank failures rattled investor hopes that the financial crisis can be contained by a massive us bailout plan .
the trial opened in ivory coast on monday of ## people charged with involvement in a #### toxic waste scandal which killed ## ivorians and poisoned thousands .
some ### croatian journalists and citizens staged a protest in the croatian capital monday over police failure to identify the assailants of a colleague beaten in early june , organisers said .
citigroup on monday agreed to a takeover of troubled wachovia 's banking operations in a deal backed by regulators that gives the us government a stake in one of the nation 's biggest banks .
the european banking federation offered reassurance on monday that the european banking sector was solid and that depositors ' savings were safe as bank shares plunged across the region .
iceland 's government said monday it would buy a ## percent stake in the country 's third-largest bank glitnir , a temporary move to ease the bank 's liquidity woes and aid the banking sector , which plays a crucial role in the icelandic economy .
loyalists of autocratic belarussian president alexander lukashenko won every seat monday in parliamentary polls that observers said failed western standards and had the opposition crying foul .
indian and french leaders vowed to boost nuclear energy cooperation monday at an annual summit on eu-india ties dominated by trade , global warming and the world financial crisis .
the trial opened in ivory coast on monday of ## people charged with involvement in a #### toxic waste scandal which killed ## people and poisoned thousands .
the european commission on monday urged belarus to cooperate with international election observers , after loyalists of authoritarian president alexander lukashenko won every seat in parliament .
europe 's space freighter was destroyed on monday in a controlled operation over the south pacific after a maiden operation to resupply the orbiting international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- , mission officials said .
holdout lawmakers said monday a ###-billion-dollar wall street bailout trashed cherished american freedoms , warning it would crown the us treasury chief `` king henry '' paulson , as a vital vote loomed .
ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko will visit moscow on thursday for talks on the thorny issue of russian gas deliveries to her country , the ukrainian government said .
the stockholm stock exchange plunged #.## percent in late afternoon trading monday on continued anxiety over the global banking sector crisis .
a helicopter contracted to un-led peacekeepers crashed in sudan 's darfur region on monday , killing all four crew members , after being fired at , the sudanese police said .
ivory coast prime minister guillaume soro on monday appealed for the country 's military to stay calm over unpaid wages which have added to tensions in the west african nation .
a nato-led soldier and an afghan policeman were killed in a row that erupted after a bomb strike in afghanistan , the alliance force said monday , as eight afghans died in new insurgency-linked attacks .
both of russia 's main stock markets dropped sharply monday as the us congress was due to vote on treasury secretary henry paulson 's massive bailout plan and amid fresh worries about european banks .
ethiopian police on monday blamed an islamist rebel group for a weekend explosion that killed four people and wounded ## others in the country 's eastern region .
russia and south korea signed major agreements monday on deliveries of natural gas and on joint exploration of the huge west <unk> oil field .
prime minister ehud olmert said israel must give up almost the entire occupied west bank including east jerusalem as the price for peace with the palestinians , in an interview published on monday .
ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko will visit moscow on thursday for talks on the thorny issue of russian gas deliveries to her country , the ukrainian government said .
prime minister vladimir putin flagged measures monday to help russian banks escape the financial turmoil affecting the united states and europe .
angola 's main international airport was shuttered for most of the morning monday , after a military cargo plane crashed upon take off , state media reported .
russia and south korea signed major agreements monday on deliveries of natural gas and on joint exploration of the huge west <unk> oil field .
us president george w. bush was to meet with the leaders of former soviet republics lithuania and ukraine on monday for talks shaped by worries over russia 's conflict with georgia .
french energy firm areva hopes to profit from an expected <unk> nuclear pact by supplying the asian giant with two of the latest design of reactors , the group said monday .
a new organization was unveiled here monday aimed at promoting nuclear security around the globe so as to prevent terrorists from getting the bomb .
the stockholm stock exchange plunged #.## percent in late afternoon trading monday , amid continued anxiety over the global banking sector crisis .
the oslo stock exchange , dominated by oil companies , fell by #.## percent in afternoon trading monday to hit its lowest level in three years , amid falling oil prices and global financial turmoil .
john mccain 's presidential campaign claimed credit as congress readied monday to vote on an emergency economic package , but democrats said the republican 's last - ditch intervention had been no help .
four lebanese soldiers were killed on monday in a car bombing targeting an army bus on the outskirts of the restive northern city of tripoli , security and military officials said .
switzerland 's central bank on monday joined other major central banks in pumping more money to ease strained financial markets , by offering ## billion dollars more in liquidity .
us authorities have freed #,### detainees in the four weeks of ramadan , the american military said on monday , still short of the #,### they promised to release during the muslim fasting month .
the federal reserve announced a bolstering of efforts monday to provide liquidity to strained financial markets in joint operations with central banks from europe , japan , canada and australia .
us lawmakers on monday debated a ###-billion-dollar bailout plan for struggling wall street banks as us president george w. bush appealed to congress to quickly approve the deal to free up frozen credit markets .
poland 's iconic former solidarity leader and ex-president , lech walesa , monday marked the ##th anniversary of the nobel prize which honored his peaceful struggle against the communist regime .
the federal reserve announced a bolstering of efforts monday to provide liquidity to strained financial markets in joint operations with central banks from europe , japan , canada and australia .
two planes were forced to circle over a greek island awaiting permission to land on monday after an air traffic controller overslept and was late for work , greece 's civil aviation authority said .
spain monday condemned the `` terrorist attack '' that killed four soldiers in the restive northern lebanese city of tripoli .
citigroup on monday agreed to a takeover of wachovia bank in a deal backed by regulators and which gives the government a stake in one of the nation 's biggest banks .
a kenyan defense ministry spokesman on monday denied a us navy claim that a ukrainian ship seized by pirates last week and laden with tanks and military supplies was in fact destined for sudan and not kenya .
global stocks sank on monday as the us congress was to vote on a multi-billion - dollar bailout deal and as the ongoing financial crisis forced the rescue of key european banks , dealers said .
opposition conservatives blasted prime minister gordon brown over his handling of the economy monday , saying britain is now `` bust '' and presenting themselves as a government-in-waiting .
the oslo stock exchange , dominated by oil companies , fell by #.## percent in mid-afternoon trading on monday , amid falling oil prices and global financial turmoil .
us lawmakers began debate in the house of representatives on monday morning on a massive ###-billion-dollar bailout plan for troubled banks amid a grave financial crisis .
switzerland 's armed forces have suspended solo flights in a new fleet of eurocopter helicopters because a problem of balance poses a safety risk , the government 's defense procurement agency said monday .
a us space company founded by an internet multi-millionaire has become the first private venture to successfully blast a rocket into earth 's orbit .
a group of european tourists and their guides snatched by armed bandits in a remote desert ## days ago were freed unharmed in a pre-dawn raid by egyptian special forces on monday , officials said .
indian and french leaders vowed monday to boost nuclear energy cooperation at an annual summit on eu-india ties dominated by trade , global warming and the world financial crisis .
awaiting a trumpeted pull-back of russian troops , the georgian policemen guarding a watery sliver of land in front of the abkhaz rebel border seem more cowed than optimistic .
the leader of south africa 's richest province quit office monday as the ousting of former president thabo mbeki continued to rattle the political landscape .
us stocks fell in opening trade monday as a investors remained tense amid a deepening of bank problems in europe and a takeover of wachovia 's banking operations by citigroup .
russia on monday offered its former cold war ally india the chance to jointly develop weapon systems in a bid to remain new delhi 's main provider of arms .
indian shares fell #.## percent monday , as banking stocks slid on concerns of more writedowns across the globe while traders waited for the us congress to pass the wall street bailout .
angola 's president has urged his ruling party 's new parliamentarians to remain `` disciplined '' as they prepare to take office after a landslide election victory , state radio reported monday .
loyalists of autocratic belarussian president alexander lukashenko won every seat monday in parliamentary polls that observers said failed western standards and had the opposition crying foul .
banking titan wachovia was rescued by citigroup monday , the latest victim of a crisis now slamming european banks on doubts that a ###-billion-dollar us bailout deal would get through congress .
a group of european tourists and their guides snatched by armed bandits in a remote desert ## days ago were freed unharmed in a pre-dawn raid by egyptian special forces on monday , officials said .
the <unk> design duo mark <unk> and <unk> <unk> brought in to rejuvenate <unk> presented their first runway show on monday as the vintage french house celebrated its ##th birthday .
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke voiced support monday for a compromise struck by us lawmakers over the weekend on a massive rescue for the financial sector worth up to ### billion dollars .
the european central bank said monday it had loaned eurozone banks ### billion euros -lrb- ### billion dollars -rrb- in a special ##-day operation aimed at soothing extremely tense interbank money markets .
us consumers kept a tight rein on spending in august even as incomes rose , government data showed monday .
a french court monday found president nicolas sarkozy 's son jean not guilty of fleeing the scene of a #### scooter crash and ordered the plaintiff to pay him several thousand euros in damages .
british sweet maker cadbury said monday it had recalled its china-made chocolates from hong kong , taiwan and australia after tests `` cast doubt '' on their safety .
poland 's last communist leader , general wojciech jaruzelski , wo n't end up out of pocket even if the current government pushes through a new law to slash his pension , his former spokesman pledged monday .
israeli police on monday denied claims that jewish settlers shot a palestinian shepherd , saying the teenager found dead in the west bank was killed by shrapnel from a grenade that he was handling .
a british protestor who tried to extinguish the olympic flame as it passed through london en route for beijing walked free monday , after a judge found in his favor .
a rebel group in central african republic seized control of a village near the sudanese border in the north of the country overnight , police said monday .
crises at european bank groups are forcing governments to return to playing a crucial role in european finance and they are likely to demand a regulatory clampdown on the sector as the price to be paid .
south korea has signed a deal to import russian natural gas beginning in #### via a pipeline running through north korea and across the heavily fortified border , the government said monday .
the european central bank said monday that it loaned eurozone banks ### billion euros -lrb- ### billion dollars -rrb- in a special ##-day operation aimed at easing extremely tense interbank money markets .
serbia and italian automaker fiat on monday signed a joint venture deal on the zastava car plant , foreseeing investments of ### million euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- .
five lebanese soldiers were killed on monday in a car bombing targeting an army bus on the outskirts of the restive northern city of tripoli , security and military officials said .
the european commission on monday restarted an in-depth probe into a hostile takeover bid by mining group bhp of rival rio tinto amid questions on whether the deal could hit competition amid rising commodity prices .
us authorities said monday they had facilitated a takeover of wachovia 's banking operations by citigroup inc. in a deal that gives the government a stake in one of the nation 's biggest banks .
american authorities have freed #,### detainees in four weeks of ramadan , the us military said on monday , still short of the #,### the military promised in early september to release during the muslim fasting month .
nepal 's new maoist government has taken over the task of selecting a girl to be a `` living goddess , '' ousting royal priests from a role they fulfilled for centuries .
berlin has joined a consortium of banks to rescue a stricken property lender , the government said on monday , in the latest state-sponsored european rescue of a casualty of the us financial crisis .
stock markets in energy-rich gulf states ended a highly volatile third quarter on monday with sharp losses as global economic uncertainty took its toll on investor confidence .
us authorities said monday they have backed a takeover of troubled bank wachovia by citigroup .
a group of european tourists and their egyptian guides snatched by armed bandits in a remote desert ## days ago have been freed unharmed and a number of kidnappers killed , officials said on monday .
a court on monday jailed a bosnian croat ex-soldier for eight and a half years for having killed and tortured muslims during the country 's ####-#### war .
us president george w. bush on monday appealed to congress to quickly approve a ###-billion-dollar bailout plan for struggling wall street banks designed to free up frozen credit markets .
stock markets in energy-rich gulf states ended a highly volatile third quarter with sharp losses on monday as global economic uncertainty took its toll on investor confidence .
president nicolas sarkozy on monday battled to contain fallout from the global financial crisis , moving ahead with plans for a world summit and calling a meeting of french banking and insurance chiefs .
separatist militants with the kurdistan workers ' party -lrb- pkk -rrb- on monday announced a temporary ceasefire during the <unk> celebrations , a spokesman told a turkish news agency .
short-term interest rates on european interbank lending markets rose monday despite a tentative deal thrashed out in washington to rescue the us financial system .
france will host a meeting of senior european officials to prepare a global summit on `` a new international financial system '' , president nicolas sarkozy said monday .
luxembourg prime minister jean-claude juncker called on monday for an end to the `` casino game '' played on financial markets , where speculation is hitting shares of one european bank after another .
a billion-euro rescue plan for alitalia appeared poised for takeoff on monday as speculation mounted over which potential foreign partner -- air france-klm or lufthansa -- might lend its muscle to help keep the italian flagship aloft .
us lawmakers agreed a ###-billion-dollar bailout of financial groups , but the financial hurricane slammed into european banks and global markets monday amid doubts over whether the deal would get through congress .
taiwan 's defense minister chen chao-min has flown to a defense industry conference in the united states , a military officer said monday , a rare trip which may irk rival china .
poland 's minority protestant lutheran church is investigating its own leader over his alleged ties with the communist-era secret police , a church official said monday .
the european commission said monday that it expected austria to continue to play a constructive role in the eu , after the far-right dealt a severe blow to mainstream parties in weekend elections there .
bradford &amp; bingley , which was monday placed in state hands , is the last of britain 's former building societies to be nationalised or taken over .
asian stocks tumbled monday despite a deal being reached in washington on a massive bailout plan for the us finance market and as the global credit crisis spread to europe .
oil prices sank on monday amid persistent worries about long-term global energy demand , as traders feared that the tentative us bailout deal would fail to boost slowing global economic growth .
russian president dmitry medvedev on monday reaffirmed his country 's opposition to north korea 's nuclear weapons program in talks with his south korean counterpart .
european banks were sucked monday into turmoil spawned by the us financial crisis , with bailouts , sales and attacks on the shares of financial institutions multiplying across the continent .
un nuclear watchdog chief mohamed elbaradei urged iran on monday to come clean on its contested atomic drive and north korea not to resume its own nuclear activities as international disarmament talks founder .
syria denounced the bomb attack in the restive northern lebanese city of tripoli on monday that killed five soldiers , two days after a deadly car bombing in the syrian capital .
democratic republic of congo 's president joseph kabila has officially acknowledged last week 's resignation of prime minister antoine gizenga , a member of gizenga 's cabinet told afp monday .
a us destroyer and other foreign navy ships on monday converged on a ukrainian vessel seized by somali pirates last week with its cargo of combat tanks and other weapons .
troubled financial group fortis admitted on monday that past errors had triggered the crisis that required the benelux nations to hammer out a ##.# - billion-euro bailout over the weekend .
france will host a meeting of senior european officials to prepare a global summit on `` a new international financial system '' , president nicolas sarkozy said monday .
resurgent far-right parties dealt a severe blow to austria 's mainstream social democrats and conservatives in an election that left the country facing tense negotiations for a new government .
chancellor angela merkel 's conservatives were licking their wounds monday after a disastrous state election in bavaria that also left her spd coalition partners reeling a year before the national vote .
indian shares fell #.## percent monday , as banking stocks slid on concerns of more write-downs across the globe , while traders waited for the us congress to pass a wall street bailout .
iceland 's government said monday it would buy a ## percent stake in one of the country 's largest banks , glitnir , to ease the bank 's liquidity problems amid turmoil on world financial markets .
global stocks tumbled monday as us congress was to vote on a multi-billion - dollar bailout deal and as the ongoing financial crisis forced the rescue of three european banks , dealers said .
a group of european tourists and their egyptian guides who were kidnapped by armed bandits in a remote desert ## days ago have been freed unharmed and half the kidnappers killed , officials said on monday .
ex-yugoslav army chief momcilo perisic will stand trial for war crimes wednesday at the un tribunal in the hague , more than three years after he was indicted for murder and extermination .
a ###-billion-dollar deal to save the us economy awaited approval monday but the global crisis swept on regardless , hitting european banks , slamming stocks and freezing money markets .
indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono has said he will run for a second term in next year 's election , with vice president jusuf kalla his probable running mate .
loyalists of autocratic belarussian president alexander lukashenko won every seat monday in parliamentary elections seen as a democracy test but slammed by the opposition as `` illegitimate .
prime minister ehud olmert said israel must give up virtually all the occupied west bank including east jerusalem , insisting in an interview published on monday this was key to achieving peace with the palestinians .
a soldier with the nato-led force in afghanistan was killed in a rebel attack while ambushes and bomb blasts linked to an extremist insurgency killed eight afghans , authorities said monday .
british sweet maker cadbury said monday it ordered a recall of china-made chocolates over safety fears in the latest fallout from the ever-widening scandal over tainted chinese dairy products .
berlin has provided ## billion euros -lrb- ## billion dollars -rrb- in guarantees for an emergency credit line by a consortium of private banks to german bank hypo real estate , a government spokesman said monday .
eu trade chief peter mandelson is proposing to keep anti-dumping duties on chinese and <unk> leather shoes while a review of the measures is carried out , a spokesman said .
the german public bank kfw said monday it had fired two directors who were suspended after the bank transferred more than ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- to lehman brothers after it filed for bankruptcy .
the dollar shot up against the euro and also rose versus the yen on monday as us lawmakers prepared to vote on whether to rubber-stamp a ###-billion-dollar bailout of stricken wall street banks .
asian stocks tumbled monday despite a deal being reached in washington on a massive bailout plan for the us finance market and as the global credit crisis spread to europe .
algeria has enjoyed its least bloody ramadan since islamist violence emerged in #### , with the muslim holy month ending this week with one attack that left three people dead , against some ## a year ago .
indian shares sank to their lowest for nearly ## months monday with banking stocks = falling as global financial turmoil hit europe , while traders waited for the us congress to pass a wall street bailout .
the british government announced monday the nationalisation of troubled lender bradford &amp; bingley , the latest european victim of the fast-moving global financial crisis .
a plane carrying french prime minister francois fillon was forced to take evasive action to avoid a small private plane that had strayed into its flight path , officials in his office said monday .
five lebanese soldiers were killed on monday in a car bomb blast targeting an army bus on the outskirts of the restive northern city of tripoli , security and military officials said .
white house hopeful barack obama took his campaign to the american west monday after accusing his republican rival john mccain of `` katrina-like '' bungling over the us financial crisis .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on monday amid fears about the global financial crisis following the latest news about troubles in the european financial sector , dealers said .
france and belgium will step in to support the bank dexia , the countries ' finance ministers said monday , as it saw a fifth of its stock market value wiped out in morning trading in brussels .
a group of european tourists and their egyptian guides who were kidnapped by armed bandits in a remote desert ## days ago have been freed unharmed , officials said on monday .
zimbabwe 's central bank monday introduced ##,### - and ##,###-dollar bank notes to ease a cash crunch in the country struggling to cope with the world 's highest inflation rate .
serbia and italian carmakers fiat on monday signed a joint venture deal on the zastava car plant , foreseeing investments of ### million euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- .
the new head of troubled bank fortis admitted monday that mistakes had contributed to the belgian-dutch financial group 's woes which required a complex part-nationalisation by three governments over the weekend .
russia on monday offered its cold war ally india the chance to jointly develop weapon systems in a bid to remain new delhi 's main provider of weapons .
us lawmakers agreed a ###-billion-dollar bailout for debt-stricken wall street banks and sent the legislation aiming to stem the us financial crisis for congress to start voting on monday .
indonesian shares closed #.# percent lower monday , weighed down by falls in most asian markets amid renewed concerns over the us financial rescue plan , dealers said .
the global police agency interpol condemned monday the murder of a high-ranking female afghan police officer , warning that ### of her country 's officers have been killed this year .
malaysian share prices eased #.# percent monday , in thin volume ahead of the eid al-fitr celebrations marking the end of the muslim fasting month of ramadan , dealers said .
rescuers pulled two miners out of a flooded tunnel in the northern philippines on monday after the pair was trapped for a week , but ## others were still missing , officials said .
berlin has provided ## billion euros -lrb- ## billion dollars -rrb- in guarantees for an emergency credit line by a consortium of private banks to german bank hypo real estate , a government spokesman said monday .
un nuclear watchdog chief mohamed elbaradei urged iran on monday to come clean on its contested atomic drive , saying it would be `` good for iran , good for the middle east region and good for the whole world .
serbia and italian carmakers fiat signed on monday a joint venture deal on the zastava car plant , foreseeing investments of ### million euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- .
france and belgium will step in to support the bank dexia , the countries ' finance ministers said monday , as it saw a fifth of its stock market value wiped out in morning trading in brussels .
a helicopter contracted to un-led peacekeepers crashed in sudan 's darfur region on monday , killing two people with two more feared dead , a un spokesman said .
iceland 's government said monday it would provide the struggling glitnir bank with equity worth ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in exchange for ## percent of the bank 's shares .
all ## european tourists and egyptians who were kidnapped by armed bandits in a remote desert region ## days ago have been freed and are in good health , egyptian state television said on monday .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on monday amid fears about the global financial crisis following the latest news about troubles in the european financial sector , dealers said .
a helicopter contracted to un-led peacekeepers crashed in sudan 's darfur region on monday , killing two people with two more feared dead , a un spokesman said .
the un nuclear watchdog expressed hope monday that north korea would return to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty -lrb- npt -rrb- as early as possible as international disarmament talks with pyongyang appear near breakdown .
both of russia 's main stock markets slumped on monday as the us congress was due to vote on treasury secretary henry paulson 's massive bailout plan and amid fresh worries about europe 's banking sector .
indonesian shares closed #.# percent lower monday , weighed down by falls in most asian markets amid renewed concerns over the us financial rescue plan , dealers said .
malaysian share prices eased #.# percent monday , in thin volume ahead of the eid al-fitr celebrations marking the end of the muslim fasting month of ramadan , dealers said .
russia 's president dmitry medvedev on monday met south korean counterpart lee myung-bak to discuss the worsening standoff over north korea 's nuclear program , a kremlin spokesman said .
global stock markets tumbled monday as us congress was to vote on a multi - billion dollar bailout deal and as the ongoing financial crisis forced the state rescue of two european banks , dealers said .
president nicolas sarkozy is to meet tuesday with the chief executives of leading french banks and insurance companies to discuss the global financial crisis , his office said .
shares in german banks posted steep losses monday as a distressed real-estate lender said it had been thrown a lifeline by a bank consortium while also issuing a profit warning .
french president nicolas sarkozy , whose country holds the eu presidency , on monday met indian prime minister manmohan singh for a summit focused on global warming , terrorism and the global financial crisis .
a billion-euro rescue plan for alitalia looked set for final clearance by hard - bargaining unions on monday as speculation mounted over which potential foreign partner -- air france-klm or lufthansa -- will help keep the italian flagship aloft .
shares in spain 's largest bank santander declined on the madrid stock market monday on the announcement of its takeover of part of the assets of troubled british lender bradford and bingley .
president nicolas sarkozy is to meet tuesday with the chief executives of leading french banks and insurance companies to discuss the global financial crisis , his office said .
a us destroyer and other foreign navy ships on monday converged on a ukrainian vessel seized by somali pirates last week with its cargo of combat tanks and other weapons .
us lawmakers agreed a ### billion dollar bank bailout but the financial hurricane hit european banks full on monday forcing <unk> , rescues and a new stocks slump .
mali banned chinese milk , butter and cheese on monday , joining other countries that have stopped imports of <unk> products from china in the wake of the asian country 's contamination scandal .
israel 's interim prime minister ehud olmert said israel must give up virtually all the occupied west bank including east jerusalem , insisting in an interview published on monday this was key to achieving peace with the palestinians .
a thai senator filed a complaint on monday accusing new prime minister somchai wongsawat of violating the constitution , just three weeks after similar charges forced his predecessor from office .
british sweet maker cadbury said monday it had recalled its china-made chocolates from hong kong , taiwan and australia after tests `` cast doubt '' on their safety .
belgian-french banking group dexia denied on monday that it had a liquidity problem as it saw a third of its stock market value wiped out in morning trading in brussels .
israel 's interim prime minister ehud olmert said israel must give up virtually all the occupied west bank including east jerusalem , insisting in an interview published on monday this was key to achieving peace with the palestinians .
british champion daryl peach and german star thorsten hohmann cruised to victory monday in the elimination round of the inaugural world ##-ball championship in the philippine capital .
indian shares hit their lowest level for the year by midday monday , as the global financial turmoil spread to europe , while traders awaited the clearance of a wall street bailout plan by the us congress .
shares in belgian-dutch financial group fortis dived ##.# percent in morning trading on the amsterdam stock exchange monday , having opened with strong gains after news of a multi-national bailout , dutch news agency anp reported .
the british government announced monday the nationalisation of troubled lender bradford &amp; bingley , the latest european victim of the fast-moving global financial crisis .
iran said on monday it will go on with its uranium enrichment activities despite a fifth un security council resolution calling for a freeze to the sensitive nuclear work .
resurgent far-right parties dealt a severe blow to austria 's mainstream social democrats and conservatives in an election that left the country facing tense negotiations for a new government .
the iraqi government on monday said it will allow doctors to carry guns in self - defense , pledging that they will not be detained during security operations .
ethiopian police on monday blamed an islamist rebel group for a weekend explosion that killed four people and wounded ## others in the country 's eastern region .
global stock markets tumbled on monday , despite a breakthrough wall street bailout deal , as the ongoing financial crisis forced the state rescue of two key european banks .
the un nuclear watchdog 's annual conference started monday with a showdown looming over efforts by syria and iran to get a seat on the iaea board and islamic countries railing against israel 's nuclear program .
thousands of cambodians converged on a village northeast of the capital monday for annual water buffalo races which bring the country 's festival for the dead to a close .
shares in german banks posted steep losses early monday as a troubled real - estate lender said it had been thrown a lifeline by a bank consortium while also issuing a profit warning .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on monday , as banking giant hsbc bumped up its mortgage rate , sending property stocks tumbling , dealers said .
humanitarian workers urged the philippines military and muslim separatist rebels on monday to avoid civilian areas amid ongoing deadly clashes in the south .
a billion-euro rescue plan for alitalia appeared headed for final clearance by <unk> unions on monday as speculation mounted over which foreign partner -- air france-klm or lufthansa -- will help keep the italian flagship aloft .
hong kong gold prices closed lower on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
chancellor angela merkel 's conservatives were licking their wounds monday after a disastrous state election in bavaria that also left her spd coalition partners reeling a year before national elections .
shares in the german bank hypo real estate -lrb- hre -rrb- plunged by more than ## percent in opening trades on monday after it had been granted a `` multi-billion euro '' credit line from a consortium of german banks that allowed it to avoid declaring bankruptcy .
iraq on monday vowed to hunt down the perpetrators of a spate of bombings that killed ## people and wounded more than ### in baghdad as the muslim month of ramadan draws to a close .
a weekend bombing which left ## people dead in the syrian capital was a suicide attack by a `` terrorist '' with links to an islamist extremist group , the official news agency sana said on monday .
the european central bank announced monday a special ##-day euro loan to provide eurozone banks with more cash in a bid to balance conditions on extremely tense interbank money markets .
japan 's toyota motor corp. is curbing production in china as sales slow in the once-booming market , a company spokesman said monday .
japan 's toyota motor corp. is curbing production in china as sales slow in the once-booming market , a company spokesman said monday .
european stock markets dived monday as the global financial crisis forced british bank bradford &amp; bingley and belgian-dutch giant fortis into government control .
the british government on monday announced the nationalisation of troubled lender bradford &amp; bingley , the latest european victim of the global financial crisis .
a breakthrough deal on a wall street bailout package failed to calm jittery markets monday as the financial crisis claimed new victims among europe 's ailing banks .
opposition parties in belarus failed to win a single seat in parliamentary elections seen as a test of the former soviet state 's democracy , the electoral commission said monday .
us lawmakers agreed a ###-billion-dollar bailout for debt-stricken wall street banks and sent the legislation aiming to stem the us financial crisis for congress to start voting on monday .
australian share prices dropped #.# percent monday ahead of a vote by us lawmakers on a bailout package for wall street costing ### billion us dollars .
british sweet maker cadbury has recalled its china-made chocolates from shelves in hong kong , taiwan and australia , the company said monday , the latest fallout from the toxic milk scandal .
the us military will this week begin handing over control of ###,### sunni anti- qaeda fighters to iraq 's shiite-led government , a move that risks undermining hard-earned security gains .
danish regional bank <unk> bank said monday it was taking over the small beleagured bank <unk> , which has run into trouble in the wake of the global financial crisis .
world oil prices fell in asian trade monday after us policy-makers outlined a ### billion dollar government bailout of the financial sector , dealers said .
shares in belgian-dutch financial group fortis opened ##.# percent higher on the amsterdam stock exchange monday after belgian , dutch and luxembourg officials announced an ##.# billion euro bailout at the weekend , news agency anp reported .
south korean shares closed #.## percent lower monday as steep falls in the won fanned worries about local financial markets , amid lingering concerns about the effectiveness of the us rescue package .
white house hopeful barack obama was to take his campaign to the american west monday after accusing his republican rival john mccain of `` katrina-like '' bungling over the us financial crisis .
ecuadoran president rafael correa celebrated victory monday after winning what he said was a `` crushing victory '' in a constitutional referendum aimed at broadening his powers .
the first chinese man to walk in space was hailed as a national hero monday , as the emerging space power gave one of its clearest indications yet that it is now reaching for the moon .
south korean shares closed #.## percent lower monday as steep falls in the won fanned worries about local financial markets , amid lingering concerns about the effectiveness of the us rescue package .
the british stock market fell #.## percent at the open on monday , as investors digested the nationalisation of bank bradford &amp; bingley and a us deal on a massive wall street bailout , dealers said .
the european central bank announced on monday a special ##-day loan to provide eurozone banks with more cash in a bid to balance conditions on extremely tense interbank money markets .
the british government confirmed in a statement monday that it was nationalising troubled bank bradford and bingley , as the global financial crisis claimed more victims in europe .
the british government confirmed in a statement monday that it was nationalising troubled bank bradford and bingley , as the global financial crisis claimed more victims in europe .
the world 's largest paint maker , the dutch-swedish chemicals group akzo nobel , said on monday said it would cut #,### jobs by #### .
australian share prices dropped #.# percent monday ahead of a vote by us lawmakers on a bailout package for wall street costing ### billion us dollars , dealers said .
the world 's largest paint maker , the dutch-swedish chemicals group akzo nobel , said on monday said it would cut #,### jobs by #### .
a weekend bombing which left ## people dead in the syrian capital was a suicide attack by a `` terrorist '' with links to an islamist extremist group , the official news agency sana said on monday .
belarus opposition parties on monday were left with no seats in parliament with most results declared as key elections cast doubt on the ex-soviet state 's bid for reconciliation with the west .
the european central bank announced on monday a special ##-day loan to provide eurozone banks with more cash in a bid to balance conditions on tense interbank money markets .
south korea 's kt corp. said monday that an ##,### kilometre -lrb- ##,### mile -rrb- high - speed cable aimed at meeting growing demand for trans-pacific internet services has been completed .
a weekend bombing which left ## people dead in the syrian capital was a suicide attack by a `` terrorist '' with links to an islamist extremist group , the official news agency sana said on monday .
australia 's leading climate change scientists monday pleaded with prime minister kevin rudd to override his top adviser on the issue and drastically slash carbon gas emissions .
new zealand share prices closed barely changed monday amid continuing uncertainty over global financial stability , dealers said .
typhoon jangmi lashed taiwan with heavy rain and strong winds monday as it moved offshore , leaving two dead and forcing the closure of schools , offices and financial markets , officials said .
new zealand share prices closed barely changed monday amid continuing uncertainty over global financial stability , dealers said .
us policy-makers agreed the outline of a ###-billion-dollar bank bailout that congress will vote on monday , hoping to stop the bleeding from the worst financial crisis since the great depression .
hong kong share prices ended the morning down #.# percent on monday , led by property stocks as banks raised their mortgage rates on worries over liquidity , dealers said .
pyongyang monday blasted a move by a south korean state body to investigate north korea 's human rights violations , saying the `` smear campaign '' is designed to incite confrontation .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher monday as investors cheered the agreement of a ### billion-dollar rescue package for the stricken us financial sector , dealers said .
indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono has said he will run for a second term in next year 's election , with vice president jusuf kalla his probable running mate .
a prisoner about to face questioning in a murder case was shot dead by a sniper from a hill overlooking his jail in southeast france , officials said .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent higher monday as investors cheered the agreement of a ### billion-dollar rescue package for the stricken us financial sector , dealers said .
vietnam 's economy grew #.# percent in the first nine months of the year , lower than its target rate but still `` encouraging '' in the `` context of a deteriorating world economy '' , the government said monday .
the first chinese man to walk in space was hailed as a national hero monday , as the emerging space power gave one of its clearest indications yet that it is now reaching for the moon .
australian prime minister kevin rudd monday hailed washington 's ### billion us dollar bailout package for wall street , which he said could bolster financial markets around the world .
floods triggered by typhoon hagupit have now claimed at least ## lives in northern vietnam , as rescuers continued to search for five people reported missing , disaster officials said monday .
world oil prices fell in asian trade monday after a proposed us government bailout of the financial sector moved closer to congressional approval , dealers said .
the dollar firmed against the euro and yen in asian trade monday as us lawmakers reached a consensus on an unprecedented bailout of wall street , dealers said .
typhoon jangmi lashed taiwan with heavy rain and strong winds monday as it moved offshore , leaving two dead and forcing the closure of schools , offices and financial markets , officials said .
philippine president gloria arroyo will ask congress to boost the military budget to combat the country 's growing muslim insurgency , the armed forces chief said monday .
as leaves turn to red and orange in canada 's fall election , green party leader elizabeth may is making a vividly distinctive pitch to elect canada 's first green members of parliament .
us lawmakers faced a pivotal vote on monday on a revised ###-billion-dollar bailout plan for struggling wall street banks designed to stem a grave financial crisis and free up frozen credit markets .
hurricane kyle made landfall in easternmost canada late sunday before being downgraded to a tropical storm as it headed inland , said the canadian hurricane service .
the ###-billion-dollar bailout package for wall street crafted by lawmakers sunday , touted as the best way to avert financial disaster , has failed to win over some skeptics who say it came too hastily and doubt it will work .
ecuador 's president rafael correa said sunday his constitutional referendum won a `` crushing victory , '' after exit polls showed some ## to ## percent of voters backed his socialist reform proposal .
hurricane kyle made landfall in easternmost canada late sunday before being downgraded to a tropical storm as it headed inland , said the canadian hurricane service .
china 's financial markets will be closed from monday for a week-long national holiday .
although they are newcomers to the transport sector in turkey 's biggest city istanbul , water cabs have proven a big hit , especially with the upper classes , since they began ferrying on the bosphorus strait two months ago .
dubai , home to the world 's tallest tower and and other extravagant landmarks , boasts a new resort billed as unique in the middle east : the <unk> atlantis , where a night will cost up to ##,### dollars .
spain 's santander said monday it will take over the retail deposits and branches of bradford &amp; bingley for a reported ### million pounds ahead of the british bank 's expected nationalisation .
australian shares were #.# percent lower at midday monday , despite the announcement of a massive bailout for wall street , dealers said .
hong kong shares opened down #.# percent on monday , contradicting other asian markets which rose on renewed hopes that a huge us rescue package for financial markets would go ahead , dealers said .
spain 's santander said monday it will take over the retail deposits and branches of bradford &amp; bingley for a reported ### million pounds ahead of the british bank 's expected nationalisation .
hundreds protested in belarus on sunday after parliamentary elections expected to determine whether president alexander lukashenko 's regime warms to the west or moves deeper into russia 's orbit .
the expected nationalisation of british bank bradford &amp; bingley sparked dismay in monday 's newspapers that taxpayers will again have to bail out failing financial institutions .
ecuador 's president rafal correa said sunday his constitutional referendum won a `` crushing victory , '' after exit polls showed some ## to ## percent of voters backed his socialist reform proposal .
awaiting a trumpeted pull-back of russian troops , the georgian policemen guarding a watery sliver of land in front of the abkhaz rebel border seem more cowed than optimistic .
the white house sought to reassure anxious republican lawmakers on sunday over a proposed ###-billion-dollar wall street bailout , saying the government expects assets acquired from troubled banks to eventually generate income and ease any potential burden on taxpayers .
germany 's hypo real estate , a mortgage bank , said monday it had been rescued from bankruptcy after receiving `` sufficient '' facilities from a german bank consortium .
the european union on wednesday launches a monitoring mission in georgia intended to reduce tensions after an august war and oversee a russian troop pull-back in this former soviet caucasus state .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
an unprecedented rescue plan for the financial system , pending imminent approval by congress , could stabilize fragile markets , but also poses some risks of its own , analysts said .
chancellor angela merkel 's conservatives licked their wounds monday after historic losses in a bavarian state election , as german voters continue to abandon major parties a year ahead of the national poll .
taiwan 's financial markets will be closed monday due to typhoon jangmi .
australian shares opened almost one percent stronger on monday after us lawmakers struck a deal on a massive bailout for wall street aimed at averting a financial meltdown , dealers said .
new zealand 's trade deficit narrowed in the year to august as exports rose , boosted in recent months by a decline in the local currency , official figures showed monday .
spain 's santander said monday it will take over the retail deposits and branches of bradford &amp; bingley for a reported ### million pounds ahead of the british bank 's expected nationalisation .
japanese share prices opened #.## percent higher monday following the announcement by us lawmakers that a deal had been reached on a massive wall street bailout plan .
south korean shares opened one percent higher monday following a tentative agreement in washington on a huge bailout for the financial sector , analysts said .
us lawmakers sunday posted on the internet their <unk> draft legislation to rescue the country 's troubled financial sector , saying the unusual step was taken in the spirit of openness .
the us senate will vote wednesday evening on revised ### billion dollar wall street bailout package , after the house of representatives sparked economic turmoil by rejecting an earlier version .
us president george w. bush on tuesday said up to ##,### refugees from around the world would be welcome in the united states in fiscal year #### , which begins october # .
us president george w. bush will meet on wednesday the commander of nato forces in afghanistan , general david mckiernan , with #### already the bloodiest year for international troops in the war-torn country since the #### invasion .
the privatization of the first major us airport could net the city of chicago #.# billion dollars , officials said tuesday .
the head of the government 's bank insurance agency called tuesday for a temporary increase in the ###,###-dollar limit for insured bank deposits to help stabilize the fragile sector .
works by joan miro , alexander calder , alberto giacometti and georges braque will go on show in london saturday , some for the first time , in an exhibition celebrating the dealer who brought them together .
shellshocked leaders in congress said tuesday they could pass a revised ### billion dollar wall street bailout within days , after their first attempt failed , sparking fears of economic catastrophe .
guayaquil , ecuador 's largest and most prosperous city , bucked the trend by rejecting the draft constitution that won broad support in the rest of the country , according to final poll results released tuesday .
a powerful wall street rally tuesday helped lift global markets a day after a near-meltdown as investor hopes grew on the prospects for a new us financial rescue package to ease the crisis .
a row about plagiarism embroiled canada 's prime minister stephen harper on tuesday after his former speechwriter admitted to copying a speech in support of the us-led iraq war by australia 's former leader john howard .
a powerful wall street rally tuesday helped lift global markets a day after a near-meltdown as investor hopes grew on the prospects for a new us financial rescue package to ease the crisis .
open warfare erupted in the white house race tuesday over the costly failure by us lawmakers to approve an economic rescue bill , even as both candidates appealed for cooler heads to prevail .
realnetworks on tuesday released software that lets people copy films on dvds , sparking a heated legal battle with hollywood film studios fearful of rampant piracy .
angry americans urged lawmakers to shore up the ailing financial sector and prevent a repeat of the biggest stock market plunge in history , which had threatened to suck the life out of us pension funds .
nervous global markets saw some relief tuesday from the carnage of a day earlier as hopes mounted for a fresh effort to pass a huge financial sector rescue plan in the us congress .
us plane maker boeing raised doubts tuesday that the first flight of its newest jet , the ### dreamliner , would take place as scheduled later this year because of a strike by machinists .
main street has some news for lawmakers who say the wall street bailout is aimed at protecting average americans : they 're already suffering .
shellshocked leaders in congress said tuesday they could pass a revised ### billion dollar wall street bailout within days , after their first attempt failed , sparking fears of economic catastrophe .
rates for us interbank loans surged as high as #.# percent tuesday and then fell to #.# percent at the end of the day in a hugely volatile day for credit markets .
the discovery of a genetic link between obesity and colon cancer may pave the way for more effective screening tests for the disease , according to a study published tuesday .
realnetworks on tuesday released software that lets people copy films on dvds , sparking a heated legal battle with hollywood film studios fearful of rampant piracy .
israel has asked to buy up to ## f-## joint strike fighters in a deal worth as much as ##.# billion dollars if all options are exercised , the pentagon said tuesday .
world leaders told washington tuesday it has a responsibility to the world to shore up its teetering economy , after lawmakers blocked a ###-billion dollar bailout plan .
microsoft and washington state 's top prosecutor have filed a lawsuit to stop `` <unk> purveyors '' that trick people with pop-up messages claiming computers need critical repairs .
a powerful rally tuesday helped wall street recoup a large portion of monday 's rout , as sentiment got a boost from renewed hopes for us passage of a massive financial rescue package .
french prime minister francois fillon has warned in an interview to appear wednesday that the country 's banks are vulnerable given the global financial crisis , which he compared to the great depression .
california on tuesday became the first us state to force fast-food restaurant chains to post calorie information on menus and indoor menu boards , governor arnold schwarzenegger 's office said .
republican white house hopeful john mccain tuesday released an ad slamming rival barack obama as a `` hypocrite , '' drawing an immediate rebuke from the democrat 's campaign that it had twisted a quote out of context .
republican white house hopeful john mccain tuesday released an ad slamming rival barack obama as a `` hypocrite , '' drawing an immediate rebuke from the democrat 's campaign that it had twisted a quote out of context .
republican presidential hopeful john mccain said tuesday he would keep pushing for a bailout for the us financial system , admitting lawmakers had failed to convince voters of its urgency .
a powerful rally tuesday helped wall street recoup some losses from monday 's rout , amid renewed hope for us passage of a financial rescue package .
oil prices rebounded tuesday after diving ## percent the prior day , with investors cautiously optimistic the us congress will rescue a rejected ### - billion-dollar wall street bailout .
architecture giants norman foster and daniel libeskind are leading the race to build monaco 's answer to dubai , officials said tuesday .
singers bruce springsteen and billy joel plan to stage their first joint concert in new york next month to raise funds for democrat barack obama 's presidential bid , his campaign said tuesday .
the us house of representatives website limped back to life on tuesday after succumbing to a flood of email to members of congress and heavy interest in the financial bailout bill .
a liberian human rights activist on tuesday said the west african country 's security forces detained him for three days for calling president ellen johnson sirleaf a rebel .
pop star janet jackson canceled a show in montreal on monday after being hospitalized for unspecified health reasons , a hospital source and her concert promoter said tuesday .
top democrats senator harry reid and speaker nancy pelosi told president george w. bush tuesday they were confident that congress would soon pass a revived wall street rescue plan .
dutch prime minister jan peter balkenende will meet french president nicolas sarkozy in paris wednesday to discuss the current financial market jitters , his office said tuesday .
us composer philip glass is to write a show for the new york city opera based on a fictional story about the final months of the life of late american film producer walt disney , the opera announced .
british rock band oasis are to launch their new album `` dig out your soul '' on an internet social networking site on wednesday , a myspace spokeswoman said .
the pentagon urged a peaceful resolution tuesday to the hijacking of a freighter off somalia but said us warships were there to make sure pirates do not make off with its cargo of russian tanks and other weapons .
shares in sovereign bancorp. staged a powerful rebound tuesday as the regional banking group replaced its top executive and disclosed financial data it said shows the firm is `` fundamentally sound .
open warfare broke out in the white house race tuesday over us lawmakers ' costly failure to approve an economic rescue bill , even as both candidates appealed for cooler heads to prevail .
top computer makers , mobile operators and technology providers announced on tuesday that upcoming laptop computers would feature mobile broadband making them ready to surf right out of the box .
the pentagon on tuesday announced unit rotations that would lead to a slightly smaller force in iraq , with ## combat brigades to remain in the country through next year under current plans .
the european union expects russia to respect a peace plan and pull its troops back from deep inside georgia , its foreign policy chief said tuesday on a visit ahead of the deployment of eu monitors .
us food group heinz said tuesday that it had decided to stop buying chinese milk for use in its products there in the wake of a giant tainted milk scandal that has left ##,### children ill .
india 's manish arora transported his audience to the big top at his summer ready-to-wear show on tuesday , appropriately presented in the cirque <unk> .
shellshocked leaders in congress tuesday groped for a way to rescue the teetering us economy , after lawmakers killed a ### billion dollar wall street bailout , sparking a rout on global stockmarkets .
canada 's prime minister was accused tuesday amid an election campaign of plagiarizing australia 's then-prime minister john howard in a march #### speech in support of the us war of iraq .
kosovo 's president tuesday rejected any chance of dividing the region , describing suggestions in that direction by serbian president boris tadic as impossible .
a nigerian man suffered a heart attack after cocaine capsules burst in his stomach , forcing a plane flying from senegal to spain to make an emergency landing in morocco , airport officials and police said tuesday .
canada 's prime minister was accused tuesday amid an election campaign of plagiarizing australia 's then-prime minister john howard in a march #### speech in support of the us war of iraq .
angola swore in its new parliament tuesday with a new cabinet expected to be announced soon , following the first legislative elections in ## years earlier this month .
britain 's main opposition conservatives pledged tuesday to throw their support behind the government if emergency action is required to stabilise financial markets .
somali islamists on tuesday destroyed a decrepit church in the country 's southern port town after prayers marking the end of ramadan , witnesses said .
the italian finance ministry on tuesday sought to allay fears of liquidity problems among banks sparked by the world financial crisis even as sector leader unicredit 's share price plunged in milan .
kosovo 's president tuesday rejected any chance of dividing the region , describing suggestions in that direction by serbian president boris tadic as impossible .
us and european markets were higher tuesday as investors hoped another vote on the us financial bailout package would see the plan passed and a start made on reining in the global turmoil .
south africa 's ruling african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- on tuesday dismissed reports of a party split in the wake of former president thabo mbeki 's ousting .
regional us banks which have been pressured by the the credit crunch saw their share prices recover tuesday as the sense of panic subsided .
dexia became the latest european bank to need a bailout tuesday , with belgium , france and luxembourg pumping #.# billion euros into the group to avoid the financial crisis claiming another victim .
ireland stepped in to protect its banking sector from the global financial crisis tuesday , announcing a guarantee on all deposits and sending shares in dublin surging back up after a record slump .
a cholera epidemic in guinea-bissau that erupted in may has claimed more lives , as the death toll surpassed ### people while nearly #,### people have now been infected , hospital officials said tuesday .
us and european markets were higher tuesday as investors hoped another vote on the us financial bailout package would see the plan passed and a start made on reining in the global turmoil .
two types of chinese-manufactured biscuits have been withdrawn from the dutch market after being found to contain raised levels of the industrial chemical melamine , the food safety authority said .
india , critically short of energy to fuel its booming economy , on tuesday shed its nuclear outcast status when it signed a landmark atomic energy pact with france .
oil prices rallied tuesday on bargain-hunting after slumping ## percent a day earlier when us lawmakers rejected a multi-billion-dollar rescue package for ailing american banks , traders said .
the eu voiced concern on tuesday that elections in belarus were undemocratic , but poland and lithuania are set to plead nonetheless for an opening up to the former soviet republic .
republican presidential hopeful john mccain said tuesday he would keep pushing for a bailout for the us financial system , admitting lawmakers had failed to convince voters of its urgency .
sarah palin spent tuesday in republican `` boot camp '' cramming for this week 's vice presidential debate amid mounting concern over whether she is ready for a white house post and calls for her to quit the ticket .
canada 's prime minister was accused tuesday amid an election campaign of plagiarizing australia 's prime minister john howard in a march #### speech in support of the us war of iraq .
anglo-dutch company unilever confirmed tuesday it was recalling brands of lipton milk tea powder in hong kong after they were found tainted with `` small quantities '' of an industrial chemical .
retired nepalese gurkha soldiers cheered and wept with joy tuesday after winning the right to settle in britain , a state they and their comrades fought and died for .
zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe and opposition mdc leader morgan tsvangirai met tuesday but failed to agree on a share-out of ministries in a power-sharing government , the opposition said .
a budapest court tuesday awarded two million forints -lrb- #,### euros , ##,### dollars -rrb- in compensation to a palestinian dentist falsely suspected of plotting an attack during a visit by israel 's president .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice said here tuesday she hoped that a civilian nuclear pact with india will pass the final us legislative hurdle , saying it would `` solidify '' <unk> ties .
europeans held hostage in the desert by armed bandits for ## days returned home safe and sound from egypt on tuesday with confusion surrounding how exactly their ordeal ended .
share prices on both of russia 's main stock markets , the rts and the micex , closed higher tuesday after a trading session interrupted over concerns about the global financial crisis .
architecture giants norman foster and daniel libeskind are leading the race for a <unk> to build a maritime extension to the mediterranean <unk> of monaco , officials said tuesday .
us navy helicopters on tuesday buzzed a hijacked ukrainian freighter carrying battle tanks and arms while talks were held with the pirates , who some reports said had fought among themselves .
european stock markets closed higher on tuesday , getting a boost from a rebound on wall street as investors hoped another vote on the us financial bailout package will see the plan passed .
the us senate is expected to vote on the landmark us-india civilian nuclear agreement on wednesday in a bid to give final legislative endorsement to the deal , a top senator said tuesday .
european stock markets closed higher on tuesday , getting a boost from a rebound on wall street as investors hoped another vote on the us financial bailout package will see the plan passed .
the italian finance ministry on tuesday sought to allay fears of liquidity problems among banks sparked by the world financial crisis even as sector leader unicredit 's share price plunged in milan .
shares in italian banking giant unicredit plunged ##.# percent to #.## euros on the milan stock exchange after trading resumed following a second suspension .
us president george w. bush pursued his blitz on behalf of an economic rescue package tuesday , a thus-far failed effort showing his political weakness five weeks before voters choose his successor .
both candidates battling to succeed president george w. bush telephoned the enfeebled leader tuesday offering new ideas to break a devastating impasse in congress on an economic bailout package .
a dutchman died in the french port of calais when a <unk> -lrb- four-and-a-half - pound -rrb- bag of cocaine exploded in his stomach as he attempted to smuggle it into britain , police said tuesday .
the european union expects russia to respect a peace plan and pull its troops back from deep inside georgia , its foreign policy chief said tuesday on a visit to watch eu ceasefire monitors deploying .
some ### african migrants were taken to spain 's canary islands after authorities rescued them at sea in the biggest-ever landing here of a single ship , officials said tuesday .
zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe and opposition mdc leader morgan tsvangirai met tuesday but failed to agree on a share-out of ministries in a power-sharing government , the opposition said .
a hundred french tourists refused to get back on board an onur air plane that had returned to istanbul just after take-off because of a safety scare , travel group marmara said tuesday .
us president george w. bush vowed to fight to rescue the us economy tuesday as world leaders pressed for action after congress blocked a ### billion dollar bailout plan .
shares in italian banking giant unicredit were suspended on tuesday after plunging on rumors of liquidity problems despite assurances from the finance ministry and the bank 's managing director .
the german industrial group siemens said tuesday it estimated the cost of a major restructuring plan at #.# billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- .
india 's finance minister rushed tuesday to assure jittery investors that the country 's stock market was `` sound '' amid fears that the global financial crisis could broaden .
india 's finance minister rushed tuesday to assure jittery investors that the country 's stock market was `` sound '' amid fears that the global financial crisis could broaden .
zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai met tuesday but failed to agree on a share-out of ministries in a power-sharing government , the opposition said .
a european media group voiced concern tuesday about growing threats to journalists in croatia , calling on the country 's authorities to protect them .
at least ### people were killed and scores injured on tuesday in a frenzied stampede at a hindu temple in western india , police said .
battered us consumer confidence edged higher in september for the third consecutive month , led by hopes for better economic times in the coming months , the conference board reported tuesday .
the prices of aluminium , copper and nickel slumped tuesday as investors feared the ongoing global financial crisis would sap demand for the base metals , analysts said .
the german industrial group siemens said tuesday it estimated the cost of a major restructuring plan at #.# billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- .
europe led a chorus of demands tuesday that the united states get a grip on its financial crisis , as governments scrambled to shore up fragile banks and restore confidence in nervous markets .
the eu 's french presidency on tuesday voiced concern at the legislative elections in belarus after the osce judged the vote , in which no opposition candidate was elected , to be non-democratic .
former gurkha soldiers from nepal won the right to settle in britain on tuesday , in what their lawyers hailed as an `` historic victory '' for the veteran fighters .
the new york sun , a newspaper launched six years ago billing itself as an alternative to the new york times , published its last edition on tuesday .
mali 's energy minister has resigned amid an ongoing corruption inquiry linked to his past job at a european aid agency , officials said tuesday .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai will meet `` soon '' to form their power-sharing government , a spokesman said tuesday .
a us soldier was fatally wounded while on patrol in baghdad on tuesday as the country marked eid al-fitr , the holiday marking the end of the muslim fasting month of ramadan , the us military said .
a lithuanian court impounded assets of latvia 's airbaltic , accused of unfair competition by lithuania 's flylal , a top shareholder in the rival firm said tuesday .
a copenhagen court sentenced three danish police officers to jail tuesday after they were accused of beating a teenager involved in a protest , a judicial source said .
the european central bank made a second one-day loan of more than ## billion dollars -lrb- ##.# billion euros -rrb- on tuesday after an initial auction of ## billion sparked strong demand among eurozone banks .
anglo-dutch company unilever has recalled brands of lipton milk tea powder in hong kong and macau after they were found tainted with an industrial chemical , the company said tuesday .
former gurkha soldiers from nepal won the right to settle in britain on tuesday , in what their lawyers hailed as an `` historic victory '' for the veteran fighters .
spain will demand that the european union 's peacekeeping force in bosnia , eufor althea , be transformed into a civilian mission , the defense ministry said tuesday .
fighter jets roared overhead and hundreds of soldiers paraded tuesday as georgia 's rebel abkhazia region marked its first national day since russia recognized its statehood .
wall street rallied tuesday , in line with gains in london and paris , as investors bet that the faltering us financial bailout deal would be salvaged by lawmakers after recent traumatic trade .
battered us consumer confidence edged higher in september for the third consecutive month , led by hopes for better economic times in the coming months , the conference board reported tuesday .
india , critically short of energy to fuel its booming economy , secured a new position in the world nuclear order tuesday when it signed a landmark atomic energy pact with france .
white house nominees barack obama and john mccain tuesday said federal deposit insurance for us families and small businesses should be raised , in a bid to persuade more lawmakers to back a wall street bailout .
us president george w. bush vowed to fight to rescue the us economy tuesday as world leaders pressed for action after congress blocked a ### billion dollar bailout .
former nepalese gurkha soldiers won the right to settle in britain on tuesday , in what their lawyers hailed as an `` historic victory '' for the veteran fighters .
a british driver living in france lost his bearings and pulled off on the left - hand side of the road , ploughing into another briton coming the other way , police said tuesday .
the german industrial group siemens said tuesday it estimated the cost of a major restructuring plan at #.# billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- .
wall street shares swung higher tuesday as buyers picked through the rubble after a record plunge for blue chips , lifted by renewed hopes for us passage of a financial rescue package .
a chinese woman was sentenced to death in southern vietnam on tuesday for trafficking counterfeit money , a judge said .
senior politicians in berlin added their voices tuesday to calls around the world for us lawmakers to approve a huge financial rescue package a day after the crisis claimed a new german victim .
wall street shares opened higher tuesday as buyers picked through the rubble after a record plunge for blue chips , lifted by renewed hopes for us passage of a financial rescue package .
the makers of bollywood film `` hari puttar '' may have fought off us distributor warner bros in the indian courts , but the movie has had less success with the critics .
pop star janet jackson canceled a montreal show monday due to health woes , concert organizers said tuesday .
the greek branch of france-based aid agency doctors without borders -lrb- msf -rrb- said tuesday it was ending a humanitarian project to help immigrants because of a woeful lack of support from local authorities .
belarus ' autocratic leader tuesday called for the european union to lift sanctions against his country and vowed not to seek closer ties with the west at the expense of its old ally russia .
europe demanded that the united states get a grip on its financial crisis on tuesday as its governments scrambled to shore up fragile banks and restore confidence to nervous stock markets .
thailand 's current and trade accounts were in deficit in august after a slowdown in exports last month , particularly of rice , the central bank said tuesday .
hundreds of refugees from northeast democratic republic of the congo -lrb- drc -rrb- have fled to neighbouring south sudan after rebels launched brutal attacks , the un refugee agency -lrb- unhcr -rrb- said on tuesday .
indian troops have shot dead one of the `` most wanted '' militant commanders in kashmir during a gun battle that also left nine security force personnel injured , police said tuesday .
asian stocks tumbled tuesday after the united states congress in a shock move rejected a massive bailout plan for wall street , threatening to prolong the global financial crisis .
pop star janet jackson has <unk> a montreal show due to health problems , the promoter said tuesday .
republican presidential hopeful john mccain said tuesday he would keep pushing for a bailout for the us financial system , admitting lawmakers had failed to convince voters of its urgency .
several thousand people in southeastern dr congo protested tuesday against clashes roiling the country 's east , in the latest of growing demonstrations against rebel fighters here .
pakistan has appointed a new head of its powerful inter-services intelligence -lrb- isi -rrb- agency , amid us accusations that the military spy organization secretly backs taliban rebels on the afghan border .
part of the extensive art collection belonging to the widow of german baron thyssen will be put on display at a new museum in the southern spanish port of malaga , which is already home to a picasso museum .
shares in british bank hbos dived tuesday on reports that lloyds tsb could seek to renegotiate a proposed takeover of its distressed rival .
a us warship kept watch tuesday on a ukrainian ship carrying tanks and arms to stop them from falling into the wrong hands in lawless somalia amid reports of fighting between pirates on the freighter .
at least ### people were killed and scores injured on tuesday in a massive stampede at a hindu temple in the western state of rajasthan , police said .
italian airline alitalia said its temporary flying licence was confirmed on tuesday , after the national flag-carrier was pulled back from the brink of bankruptcy when unions agreed to a rescue plan .
france and india on tuesday signed a landmark nuclear cooperation pact which opens the way for the sale of french nuclear reactors to new delhi .
the european central bank announced a second one-day loan of ## billion dollars -lrb- ## billion euros -rrb- on tuesday after an initial auction of ## billion met with strong demand .
european union foreign policy chief javier solana expressed confidence tuesday that russia would respect a peace plan calling for its forces to pull back from deep inside georgia .
britain 's main opposition conservatives pledged tuesday to back the government if emergency action is required to stabilise financial markets .
indian shares rose #.# percent on bargain hunting on tuesday after slipping more than #.# percent in early dealings following rejection by us lawmakers of a financial bailout plan .
the eu 's french presidency on tuesday voiced concern at the legislative elections in belarus after the osce judged the vote , in which no opposition candidate was elected , to be non-democratic .
the chairman of the bavarian sister party of chancellor angela merkel 's conservatives quit tuesday after a weekend state election debacle a year before the whole country goes to the polls .
at least three people were killed and eight others wounded in a car bomb attack in the iraqi capital baghdad on tuesday during eid celebrations marking the end of ramadan , officials said .
european union foreign policy chief javier solana said tuesday he expects russia to respect a truce in georgia after arriving in the war-torn caucasus state ahead of the deployment of eu monitors .
swaziland 's new anti-corruption commission on tuesday pledged to crack down on graft in the impoverished southern african kingdom as it was sworn in after months of delays .
a lithuanian court impounded assets of latvia 's airbaltic , accused of unfair competition by lithuania 's flylal , a top shareholder in the rival firm said tuesday .
inflation in the ## nations sharing the euro eased in september for second month running to #.# percent amid lower oil prices , according to an estimate from the european union 's eurostat data agency on tuesday .
the <unk> starfish , a notorious threat to coral in the indian and pacific oceans , comprises four species , not one , biologists reported on tuesday .
bulgaria 's energy regulator tuesday approved an almost ## percent hike in industry and household gas prices at a time when inflation in the small balkan state has soared to double-digit highs .
france and india on tuesday signed a major nuclear cooperation pact which opens the way for the sale of french nuclear reactors to new delhi .
`` the class , '' a film shot in a rough paris school that won top prize at cannes this year , is leading the box office pack after hitting french screens last week , industry figures showed tuesday .
the european central bank announced a second one-day loan of ## billion dollars -lrb- billion euros -rrb- on tuesday after an initial auction of ## billion met with strong demand .
world leaders called on the us government to take action to stave off global financial collapse tuesday after congress rejected a ### billion dollar bailout in a move which stunned global markets .
a frenchman claimed tuesday he had found one of the engines of the malabar princess , an ill-fated indian aircraft that crashed on the french peak of mont blanc in #### .
french president nicolas sarkozy urged top bankers tuesday to keep open their lines of credit to the french economy , the presidency said after crisis talks at the elysee palace .
greece 's ruling conservative party tuesday saw its parliamentary majority down to ### deputies -- just one above the minimum to form a government -- after one of its lawmakers was ousted .
eu foreign policy chief javier solana said tuesday he was optimistic all parties would adhere to a peace plan that will see russian forces pull back from positions deep inside georgia .
swaziland 's new anti-corruption commission on tuesday pledged to crack down on graft in the impoverished southern african kingdom as it was sworn in after months of delays .
sri lanka 's year-on-year inflation fell marginally to ##.# percent in september , helped by a drop in some food prices , according to data released tuesday .
european union foreign policy chief javier solana arrived tuesday in georgia ahead of the launch of an eu mission to monitor a ceasefire in the caucasus state after its august war with russia .
ireland announced a blanket guarantee on bank deposits tuesday in a bid to bolster the country 's financial system after a record slump on dublin 's stock market came amid economic turmoil worldwide .
the european commission urged the united states on tuesday to `` take its responsibility '' after us lawmakers rejected a vast wall street bailout plan .
indian shares rose #.# percent on bargain hunting on tuesday after slipping more than #.# percent in early dealings following rejection by us lawmakers of a financial bailout plan .
us negotiator christopher hill arrived tuesday in seoul en route to pyongyang but was cautious about the prospects of saving a north korean nuclear disarmament deal that appears close to collapse .
the <unk> main index of the warsaw stock exchange , central europe 's largest bourse , was in the green tuesday , gaining #.## percent or #,###.## points in midday trading after having opened down #.## percent .
authorities in bangladesh said tuesday that a brand of milk powder imported from china was contaminated with the toxic chemical melamine .
german chancellor angela merkel said tuesday that she expected a stalled us financial rescue package to be passed by lawmakers this week , as it is needed to bring `` new confidence '' to the markets .
europe demanded that the united states get a grip on its financial crisis on tuesday as its governments scrambled to shore up fragile banks and restore confidence to nervous stock markets .
oil prices rose tuesday on bargain-hunting after slumping ## percent a day earlier when us lawmakers rejected a multi-billion-dollar rescue package for ailing american banks , traders said .
india sought to reassure investors tuesday its stock market was `` sound '' despite worries the us-led financial crisis could intensify following rejection of a massive bailout for wall street banks .
dexia became the latest european bank to need a state bailout tuesday , with belgium , france and luxembourg pumping #.# billion euros into the group so that the financial crisis would not claim another victim .
at least ### people were killed and scores injured tuesday in a massive stampede at a hindu temple in the western state of rajasthan , a senior state official said .
nearly ### african boat people were taken to spain 's canary islands after authorities rescued them at sea , in the largest immigrant landing in two years , officials said tuesday .
nepal 's new maoist prime minister hailed his recent visit to the united states as a major success on tuesday , saying it had transformed his nation 's international image .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on tuesday as investors cautiously awaited further news of the us plan to curb its financial crisis , dealers said .
french president nicolas sarkozy urged top bankers tuesday to keep open their lines of credit to the french economy , the presidency said after crisis talks at the elysee palace .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on tuesday as investors cautiously awaited further news of the us plan to curb its financial crisis , dealers said .
asian stocks tumbled tuesday after the united states congress in a shock move rejected a massive bailout plan for wall street , threatening to prolong the global financial crisis .
the european commission urged the united states on tuesday to `` take its responsibility '' after us lawmakers rejected a vast wall street bailout plan .
us software giant microsoft will base its global research and development center for specialised search engines used by companies in norway , company chief executive steve ballmer said tuesday .
hong kong 's de facto central bank on tuesday announced a package of temporary measures aimed at increasing liquidity into the city 's nervous banking system , as financial turmoil dried up credit .
the euro fell further against the dollar on tuesday as fears grow about the health of european banks amid global turmoil after the failure of a us financial rescue plan , dealers said .
congress ' rejection of the ###-billion-dollar bailout of the us financial system got blanket coverage in the us media tuesday -- with politicians on both sides coming in for harsh criticism .
shares in iceland 's third-largest bank glitnir plunged by ##.## percent in reykjavik on tuesday , a day after the government said it would buy a ## percent stake to ease the bank 's liquidity woes .
a unit of us chemical giant dow chemicals said tuesday it had suspended construction of a research center in western india after villagers complained it would pollute an area they hold sacred .
swiss shares turned higher in late morning trade tuesday after a sharp fall at the opening , as investors hoped the us financial market bailout plan rejected yesterday would be resuscitated .
asian stocks tumbled tuesday after the united states congress in a shock move rejected a massive bailout plan for wall street , threatening to prolong the global financial crisis .
former nepalese gurkha soldiers awaited a high court ruling tuesday on their demand for the right to settle in britain , which could effect the future of #,### such veterans .
japan 's sanyo electric co. said tuesday it will close a factory in south korea as part of an overhaul of its semiconductor manufacturing operation .
british police are investigating how a digital camera reportedly containing mi# images of terrorist suspects came to be sold on internet auction site ebay , police and the foreign office said tuesday .
denmark , which earlier this year became the first european country to enter recession , inched back into growth in the second quarter but not by as much as previously thought , revised figures from the national statistics agency showed .
france 's health minister tuesday ruled out plans for a new tax on sweet and fatty foods , sodas and alcohol , saying the measure would hit the poor hardest at a time of economic crisis .
the european commission urged the united states on tuesday to `` take its responsibilities '' after us lawmakers rejected a vast wall street bailout plan .
president george w. bush battled tuesday to save his ###-billion-dollar bailout of the us financial system after the house of representatives rejected the plan , sending global stocks into a tailspin .
the european commission urged the united states on tuesday to `` take its responsibilities '' after us lawmakers rejected a vast wall street bailout plan .
the european central bank said tuesday it had allotted ### billion euros -lrb- ### billion dollars -rrb- in cash loans during a regular weekly operation that saw strong demand from commercial banks .
bargain-hunting helped lift the london , paris and hong kong stock markets tuesday after investors worldwide had dumped shares following the unexpected rejection of a us financial bailout package .
indian shares rose on bargain hunting in late afternoon trade tuesday after slipping more than #.# percent in early dealings following rejection by us lawmakers of a financial bailout plan .
nordic stock markets crept into positive territory tuesday , resisting a worldwide slide after us lawmakers unexpectedly rejected a multi-billion-dollar bailout for troubled financial institutions .
swedish high-street clothing chain h&amp;m reported higher third quarter profits tuesday , but saw its stock price take a beating over slower-than-expected growth amid a lethargic retail market .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on tuesday as investors cautiously awaited further news of the us plan to curb its financial crisis , dealers said .
worried their prisons are turning into a breeding ground for militant islam , european officials met tuesday to unveil french measures to stop jihadists recruiting in jails .
a child was killed on tuesday and four others were wounded in an explosion in a southern somalia town where the lawless country 's parliament is based , police and a witness said .
the european central bank said tuesday that it had allotted ### billion euros -lrb- ### billion dollars -rrb- in cash loans during a regular weekly operation that saw strong demand from commercial banks .
malaysian share prices recovered to close #.# percent lower tuesday due to selective buying in bluechips by local institutions , dealers said .
as the shockwave from the us financial meltdown battered europe on tuesday , governments scrambled to shore up fragile banks and restore confidence to flighty stock markets .
joseph stiglitz , who won the #### nobel prize for economics , said tuesday that the united states faces a long recession and predicted that democrat barack obama will win november 's presidential elections .
french economy minister christine lagarde will be questioned by parliament on tuesday on the fallout from the global financial crisis and france 's part in the salvage of the franco-belgian bank dexia .
ukraine again insisted tuesday that a cargo of ## tanks on a freight ship hijacked last week was destined for kenya , and not sudan as the pirates holding the ship and the us navy have said .
japan 's toyota motor corp. said tuesday that it had developed a new type of airbag to protect the heads of passengers in the rear seats of its cars , describing it as a world first .
malaysian share prices recovered to close #.# percent lower tuesday due to selective buying in bluechips by local institutions , dealers said .
the us navy stood guard tuesday around a ukrainian ship carrying tanks and arms to stop them from falling into the wrong hands in lawless somalia amid growing confusion over the cargo 's destination .
the us congress rejection of a ### billion dollar financial bailout sent shockwaves around the world tuesday hitting european banks , putting global markets into a new spin and policymakers on the edge of despair .
the chairman of the bavarian sister party of chancellor angela merkel 's conservatives announced his resignation tuesday after a weekend state election debacle .
a young woman in saudi arabia who defied ultra-conservative kingdom 's ban on women driving was injured when the car span out of control and plunged into a stream , a newspaper reported on tuesday .
fresh violence flared on tuesday in eastern india between hindus and christians , leaving at least one person dead and eight wounded in an ongoing religious conflict , an official said .
hong kong share prices closed #.# percent higher on tuesday after a rollercoaster day that saw the bourse fall more than six percent at one point , on worries over a us bailout plan , dealers said .
us negotiator christopher hill arrived tuesday in seoul and will travel on to pyongyang in an attempt to save a north korean nuclear disarmament deal that appears close to collapse .
ireland announced a blanket guarantee on bank deposits tuesday in a bid to bolster the country 's financial system after a record slump on dublin 's stock market amid economic turmoil worldwide .
dexia chairman pierre richard and chief executive axel miller resigned on tuesday , the french-belgian banking group said after receiving a #.# billion euro state bailout .
britain 's main opposition conservatives pledged tuesday to back the government if emergency action is required to stabilise financial markets .
afghan president hamid karzai said tuesday he had asked the king of saudi arabia to help engage the taliban militia in peace talks , though the discussions have not yet started .
fourteen boatpeople picked up off australia 's northwest coast will be taken to an off-shore immigration center , the government said tuesday , sparking concern among human rights advocates .
japan 's nissan motor co. has tapped into an unlikely source of inspiration for technology to prevent car crashes -- bumblebees .
inflation in the ## nations sharing the euro eased in september to #.# percent from #.# percent in august , according to a first estimate from the european union 's eurostat data agency on tuesday .
the belgian government is keeping a very close eye on ing and kbc banks after coming to the rescue of ailing financial groups fortis and dexia , finance minister didier reynders said tuesday .
at least ### people were killed and scores injured tuesday in a massive stampede at a hindu temple in the western state of rajasthan , a senior state official said .
investors worldwide dumped shares on tuesday after us lawmakers unexpectedly rejected a multi-billion-dollar bailout of beleaguered financial institutions .
afghan president hamid karzai said tuesday he had asked the king of saudi arabia to help engage the taliban militia in peace talks but that they had not yet started .
the asia-pacific region is expected to become the biggest aviation market in the world within about a decade , a senior official at us airplane maker boeing said tuesday .
as the shockwave from the us financial meltdown battered europe on tuesday , governments scrambled to shore up fragile banks and stock markets plunged .
dexia became on tuesday the latest european bank to need a state bailout with belgium , france and luxembourg pumping #.# billion euros into the group so that the financial crisis would not claim another victim .
malaysia quickly offered investors reassurance tuesday that the economy was strong despite turbulence in us and regional financial markets after the bourse dived #.# percent in early trade .
uganda 's lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- should be starved into accepting peace negotiations , a ugandan minister said tuesday , accusing some aid groups of sending the rebel group food aid .
masked activists forced passengers to leave a bus before burning it in the northern spanish city of san sebastian , in the basque country , local police said tuesday .
thailand 's new cabinet on tuesday vowed to go ahead with amendments to the constitution , a move likely to provoke outrage from anti-government protesters opposed to any changes to the charter .
hong kong shares closed #.# percent higher tuesday after falling more than six percent at one point in a roller coaster day driven by worries over the us financial sector bailout plan , dealers said .
volvo , one of the world 's top heavy duty truck makers , said tuesday it would cut #,### jobs in belgium and sweden due to declining demand for its lorries in europe .
ireland announced a two-year guarantee on savers ' deposits in six major banks tuesday , in a bid to bolster the country 's financial system amid global economic turmoil .
president george w. bush battled tuesday to save his ###-billion-dollar bailout of the us financial system after the house of representatives rejected the plan , sending global stocks into a tailspin .
shares in the second biggest german bank , commerzbank , plunged by ##.## percent to #.## euros in early trading here on tuesday , as shockwaves from the us financial crisis shook european lenders .
spanish police said tuesday they had seized seven tonnes of hashish and arrested five suspects at two southern ports , the biggest such haul in the southern andalusia region this year .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from monday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
rebels in sudan 's war-torn darfur region on tuesday rejected claims they had shot down a helicopter contracted to the <unk> force in an incident that killed all four crew members .
ireland announced a two-year guarantee on savers ' deposits in six major banks tuesday , in a bid to bolster the country 's financial system amid global economic turmoil .
indian shares recovered on bargain hunting to trade positive at midday tuesday after slipping more than #.# percent in early dealings following the rejection by us lawmakers of a financial bailout plan .
somali pirates holding a ukrainian freighter carrying military hardware said tuesday the weapons were headed for sudan and not kenya , and denied that three of their own were killed in a shootout .
twelve indonesians drowned early tuesday after a wooden boat carrying dozens of suspected illegal migrants capsized off the coast of malaysia , maritime officials said .
rebels in sudan 's war-torn darfur region on tuesday rejected claims they had shot down a helicopter contracted to the <unk> force in an incident that killed all four crew members .
oil prices fell more than two dollars in trading tuesday after slumping ## percent a day earlier as us lawmakers rejected a multi-billion-dollar rescue package for ailing american banks .
t-systems , the it services unit of german telecommunications group deutsche telekom , is to be split up , with one part transferred to another division , its boss said tuesday .
at least ### people were killed and scores injured tuesday in a massive stampede at a hindu temple in the western state of rajasthan , a senior state official said .
tokyo police said tuesday they had arrested a man with a passion for women 's underwear who used a fishing rod to reel them in .
leading belgian shares continued to slide tuesday , dropping #.## percent just after opening , amid concerns about the banking sector and particularly franco - belgian group dexia .
dexia became on tuesday the latest european bank to need a state bailout with belgium , france and luxembourg pumping #.# billion euros into the group .
the european central bank renewed tuesday its one-day loans of ## billion dollars -lrb- ##.# billion euros -rrb- in an attempt to keep troubled interbank money markets flowing .
panicky investors dumped shares tuesday after us lawmakers unexpectedly shot down a wall street bailout plan , dashing hopes of an easing of the global financial crisis .
president george w. bush will make a statement early tuesday on the economic plan to rescue the us financial system after a ###-billion-dollar bailout was shot down , the white house said .
australian share prices closed down #.# percent tuesday in the wake of a rout on wall street after the us congress rejected a huge rescue package for the financial sector .
a potent combination of a power vacuum , a lame-duck presidency , an intense white house race and the explosive prospect of looming elections for congress converged to doom the wall street rescue .
thailand 's former prime minister samak sundaravej has quit as leader of the ruling party , an official said tuesday , three weeks after he was removed from office for hosting tv cooking shows .
pakistan has replaced the head of its powerful inter-services intelligence -lrb- isi -rrb- in an apparent bid to clean up the military spy agency amid western claims that it secretly backs the taliban .
somali pirates holding a ukrainian freighter carrying tanks and other military supplies on tuesday said the weapons were headed for southern sudan and not not bought by kenya as earlier claimed .
france 's public debt increased by ##.# billion euros in the second quarter and stood at #.#### trillion euros -lrb- #.# trillion dollars -rrb- on june ## , the state statistics agency insee said tuesday .
french stocks fell further when trading began on monday , losing #.## percent to #,###.## points , after the us congress rejected a massive financial bailout plan and financial shockwaves hit europe .
london 's ftse ### index of leading shares tumbled #.## percent to #,###.## points shortly after the start of trading on tuesday in the wake of a rout across asia markets and on wall street overnight .
britain 's biggest retailer tesco said on tuesday that its net profit jumped by almost ## percent during the group 's first half to more than one billion pounds as it beat off economic woes .
a south korean liberal activist has been arrested for threatening to kill hwang jang-yop , the highest-ranking north korean defector to cross the border , police said tuesday .
taiwan share prices closed down #.## percent tuesday after us lawmakers rejected a massive bailout plan for the troubled us financial sector , dealers said .
the euro fell further against the dollar in asia tuesday as fears grew about the health of european banks amid global turmoil after the failure of a us financial rescue plan , dealers said .
police were on tuesday investigating twin blasts overnight that killed eight people and injured nearly ### in two areas of western india wracked by hindu - muslim tensions , officials said .
britain 's biggest retailer tesco said on tuesday that its net profit jumped by almost ## percent during the group 's first half to more than one billion pounds as it beat off economic woes .
world oil prices rose slightly in asia on tuesday following a near ## percent drop in new york after us legislators dramatically rejected a plan to bail out the ailing financial sector .
australian share prices closed down #.# percent tuesday in the wake of a rout on wall street after the us congress rejected a huge rescue package for the financial sector .
treasury secretary henry paulson warned us lawmakers they had to act fast after the house rejected his ###-billion-dollar bank bailout , triggering panic selling as the global financial crisis deepened .
south korean shares closed only slightly lower tuesday after falling some five percent in the morning session following the rejection by us lawmakers of a massive financial bailout plan .
somali pirates have released two malaysian oil tankers and their crews in exchange for ransom a month after hijacking the vessels , a shipping company official said tuesday .
police were on tuesday investigating twin blasts overnight that killed eight people and injured nearly ### in two areas of western india wracked by hindu - muslim tensions , officials said .
stolen mobile telephones are being taught to turn against thieves by sending home word of where they are and letting owners snoop on calls .
the shockwaves from wall street 's day of carnage rippled out across america on monday , heightening anxiety amongst bewildered investors and raising fears the worst is yet to come .
three soldiers with the us-led force helping to fight insurgents in afghanistan were killed in a bomb blast in the south of the country , the coalition said tuesday .
new zealand share prices dived #.## percent tuesday in the wake of a plunge on wall street as us legislators voted down a rescue package for the battered financial system , dealers said .
us negotiator christopher hill headed tuesday for seoul and will travel on to pyongyang in an attempt to save a north korean nuclear disarmament deal that appears close to collapse .
taiwan share prices closed down #.## percent after us lawmakers rejected a massive bailout plan for the troubled us financial sector , dealers said .
vietnam stocks fell #.# percent tuesday , led by the collapse of the deal for a massive wall street bailout package .
malaysian share prices recovered slightly to close #.## percent lower at midday tuesday after dropping sharply at the opening following wall street 's overnight crash .
eleven indonesians drowned early tuesday after a wooden boat carrying dozens of suspected illegal migrants capsized off the coast of malaysia , maritime officials said .
new zealand share prices dived #.## percent tuesday in the wake of a plunge on wall street as us legislators voted down a rescue package for the battered financial system , dealers said .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent lower on tuesday , but off the day 's low , following the collapse of the deal for a wall street bailout package , dealers said .
treasury secretary henry paulson warned us lawmakers they had to act fast after the house rejected his ###-billion-dollar bank bailout , triggering panic selling as the global financial crisis deepened .
the hollywood director that made the animated film `` ### '' has agreed to help electronic arts create three video games .
hong kong share prices ended the morning session down #.# percent on tuesday , recovering some of the severe early losses sparked by worries over a proposed wall street bailout , dealers said .
indian shares fell #.## percent within minutes of opening on tuesday , as global markets slumped after us lawmakers rejected a financial bailout plan for wall street .
south korea 's government tuesday announced plans to increase budget spending by #.# percent next year to boost economic growth and strengthen defences .
philippine share prices closed #.# percent lower on tuesday , but off the day 's trough , following the collapse of the deal for a bail-out package in the united states , dealers said .
south korean president lee myung-bak has proposed building refugee shelters in thailand and other countries for north koreans fleeing their communist homeland , a ruling party lawmaker said tuesday .
nine people were injured when two ferries collided in southern bangladesh tuesday , police said .
the euro continued to fall against the dollar and the yen in asia tuesday as fears about the health of european banks grew after us lawmakers rejected a financial rescue plan , dealers said .
world oil prices fell slightly in asia on tuesday following a nearly ## percent drop in new york after us legislators dramatically rejected a plan to bail out the ailing financial sector .
thai share prices opened #.## percent lower on tuesday amid global financial turbulence after us lawmakers rejected a proposed financial bailout plan , dealers said .
taiwan share prices opened down #.## percent tuesday after us lawmakers rejected a massive bailout plan for the us financial sector , dealers said .
stocks plunged in asia tuesday as fears of escalating financial turmoil triggered panic selling on world markets after washington policymakers unexpectedly shot down a us financial rescue plan .
south korea on tuesday announced a ban on short selling as stocks plunged following the rejection by us lawmakers of a massive financial bailout plan .
with a shrewd and low-risk expansion policy , spain 's largest bank santander has escaped the global financial crisis and still remains on the lookout for new takeover targets .
australian field hockey great ric charlesworth has been appointed to coach the national men 's team through to the #### london olympics , hockey australia said tuesday .
a ##-year-old australian aviation pioneer tuesday christened a huge new qantas airbus a### which the airline named in her honor , saying she had made sure she lived long enough to enjoy the moment .
hong kong share prices opened down #.# percent on tuesday , as the decision by us lawmakers to block a proposed financial bailout plan caused havoc on asian markets , dealers said .
the us house of representatives monday dramatically rejected a ###-billion - dollar wall street bailout , sending stocks crashing to one of their worst single day losses ever and deepening the us financial crisis .
attorney general michael mukasey said monday he will appoint a prosecutor to investigate whether his predecessor alberto gonzales and others involved in the firings of nine us attorneys broke the law .
fifty years after guinea broke free from colonial ruler france declaring it would rather be poor and free than rich and enslaved the west african nation languishes at the bottom of the un development index despite vast mineral wealth .
philippine share prices were #.# percent lower in mid-morning trade tuesday following the us market 's plunge overnight , dealers said .
indonesia 's stock market is closed from tuesday for the eid al-fitr holidays .
india 's flagship outsourcing industry expects some pain from the latest global financial turmoil but insists it could emerge a winner with companies shifting more work to the country .
taiwan share prices opened down #.## percent tuesday after us lawmakers rejected a massive bailout plan for the us financial sector , dealers said .
france will seek wednesday to give new impetus to plans to boost the european union 's defense capabilities by pushing its eu partners to help meet gaping military shortfalls .
china 's financial markets will be closed on tuesday during a week-long national holiday .
the indian film industry is gearing up for the festive season , with directors hoping that a string of high-profile releases in the coming weeks can offset a relatively muted year at the box office .
hong kong share prices opened down #.# percent on tuesday , as the decision by us lawmakers to block a proposed financial bailout plan caused havoc across asian markets , dealers said .
the australian ballet took to the paris stage for the first time in ## years monday with the contemporary indigenous <unk> dance theatre for a <unk> tribute to age-old aboriginal culture .
world oil prices fell slightly in asia on tuesday following a nearly ## percent drop in new york after us legislators rejected a plan to bail out the ailing financial sector .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , up from monday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
the financial crisis convulsing congress , wall street and the economy at large is a dramatic real-time test of presidential caliber -- and barack obama appears to be besting john mccain .
the shockwaves from wall street 's day of carnage rippled out across america on monday , heightening anxiety amongst bewildered investors and raising fears the worst is yet to come .
four months before he leaves office , president george w. bush is basking in warm praise -- not from the us public , with which he remains vastly unpopular , but from world leaders saying goodbye .
despite a stunning defeat by us lawmakers of a massive rescue bill for the battered financial sector , many economists say the stakes are too high for congress to end their session without passing an aid plan .
in a world where everything is mobile , even billboards are starting to move in surprising ways .
the us military 's africa command becomes fully operational on wednesday , but it still faces skepticism about its intentions as it seeks to provide security assistance to african states .
south korean shares opened five percent lower tuesday after us lawmakers rejected a massive financial bailout plan and us stocks plunged .
australian shares plunged #.# percent in early trade tuesday in the wake of a rout on wall street after the us congress rejected a huge rescue package for the financial sector .
the trial opened in ivory coast on monday of ## people charged with involvement in a #### toxic waste scandal which killed ## ivorians and poisoned thousands .
south korea 's current account deficit hit a record high in august due partly to a sharp slowdown in exports , the central bank said tuesday .
australian shares opened down #.# percent tuesday in the wake of a rout on wall street after the us congress rejected a huge rescue package for the financial sector .
an aids summit drawing experts from ## countries is set to open here early thursday amid protests from french and international patients ' rights groups who find the proposed final declaration too timid .
the philippines ' gross national product -lrb- gnp -rrb- surged #.# percent in the nine months to september , raising hopes of growth of up to six percent growth for the year , a senior government official said thursday .
china 's hard-currency reserves totalled ##.# billion dollars at the end of october , an increase of ### percent compared with the start of the year , the state administration of foreign exchange control reports .
increased lending abroad and a surging currency helped australia cut net foreign debt #.# percent to ###.### billion australian dollars -lrb- ### billion us -rrb- in the september quarter , official data said thursday .
a sermon on aids will be introduced at mosques throughout pakistan as part of a preventive campaign , officials say .
share prices lost ground on the tokyo stock exchange thursday on profit-taking following three day 's of gains .
several anonymous phone calls threatening president bill clinton led to the arrest of a ##-year-old who said he made them to relieve his boredom and to impress his friends , the secret service said .
china moved thursday to stamp out a damaging price war that has ravaged the country 's steel market , designating one company as the sole authorised importer of steel from china 's largest supplier , japan .
an australian member of parliament accused the government on thursday of gross insensitivity over a bill banning the ritual practice of female genital mutilation .
the china daily , the country 's only national english-language newspaper , said thursday it planned to add four pages to the current ## next year and expand coverage of economic news .
independent chinese activists marked world aids day thursday by accosting wary shoppers in central beijing to hand out information leaflets on the deadly disease .
union leaders and prime minister silvio berlusconi reached an agreement in their dispute over proposed pension cuts , averting a threatened general strike , education minister francesco d'onofrio said thursday .
jordanian foreign ministry officials began thursday to look for a building to house their first embassy in israel following the signing of a peace treaty , the authorities said .
australia 's net foreign debt fell to ###.# billion australian dollars -lrb- ### billion us -rrb- in the three months to september from ###.### billion dollars in the june quarter , the australian bureau of statistics said thursday .
a drought gripping eastern australia could slice #.# billion australian dollars -lrb- #.# billion us -rrb- off national income , primary industries minister bob collins said thursday .
continental airlines made history wednesday by flying the first <unk> aircraft with instruments that alert the pilot to potentially fatal turbulence known as wind shear .
malaysia on thursday joined a global effort to combat aids by portraying the disease as an attack on the family , and stressed the need to adopt a `` healthy lifestyle , '' free of promiscuity and drug abuse , to fight its spread .
the international contact group on bosnia is to discuss sending a ministerial mission to belgrade , us secretary of state warren christopher and british foreign secretary douglas hurd said here thursday .
south africa 's financial rand for non-resident investors was softer thursday , opening at #.## \/ ## rands to the dollar after closing wednesday at #.## \/ ## .
world rubber producers and consumers opened talks on thursday amid optimism that differences could be narrowed here before the conclusion of a new price pact at un-brokered talks in geneva in february .
the world 's first ever international political summit on aids opened thursday with unesco secretary-general federico mayor declaring mankind must unite if it is to defeat the pandemic .
egyptian president hosni mubarak headed thursday for talks in damascus with president hafez al-assad ahead of another us middle east peace mission , the official egyptian news agency announced .
the commander of un forces in bosnia general michael rose was headed for the serb stronghold of pale , east of sarajevo , thursday following the refusal of serb leader radovan karadzic to attend last-ditch peace talks with un chief boutros boutros-ghali .
hitachi ltd. increased group interim pre-tax profit by ## percent from the figure a year earlier to ###.# billion yen -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in the six months to september , the company said on thursday .
negotiations between managers of the spanish state-owned iberia airline and pilots broke down over pay cuts early on thursday without agreement on a plan to rescue the company , iberia president javier salas said .
the ruble fell to #,### to the dollar here on thursday from #,### on wednesday .
russia 's breakaway republic of chechnya said thursday that it would talk peace with moscow to end civil war but would make no concessions over independence which it proclaimed three years ago .
members of mozambique 's central region cease fire commission -lrb- ccf -rrb- unearthed a major arms cache holding #.# tonnes of weaponry , the daily noticias paper reported thursday .
the lufthansa airline is holding talks with the scandinavian sas company with a view to reaching a cooperation agreement , lufthansa president juergen weber said on thursday .
survivors of the devastating fire on the italian cruise liner achille lauro were transferred to faster vessels off the somali coast thursday after spending the night on a <unk> tanker , officials announced here .
west indian off-spinner carl hooper grabbed two wickets in four balls to reduce india to ## for two by lunch on the opening day of the second test here on thursday .
new zealand won the toss and elected to bat in their one-day cricket fixture against a transvaal invitation xi at elkah stadium in the soweto black township near here thursday .
a group of former communists began the second day of a hunger strike on thursday to protest a multi-million dollar tax bill they claim is a plot by the german government to put their party out of business .
king birendra has summoned nepal 's recently elected parliament to its first session on december ## , a test of the new and potentially fragile minority communist administration , state-run radio announced thursday .
north korea on thursday accused the united states of flying `` more than ### '' spy-plane missions over its territory in november , the official north korean news agency , kcna , said in a report monitored here .
the royal bank of scotland on thursday reported a ###-percent increase in annual pre-tax profits to ### million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- from ### million pounds a year ago .
china strenuously defended its sports anti-doping policy on thursday , blaming the latest scandal involving ## chinese athletes on `` individual acts '' rather than any failure on the part of the authorities .
around ## demonstrators from act up , an organization which campaigns for aids sufferers , marched down the champs elysees here thursday blocking rush-hour traffic for several minutes , police here said .
protesters blocked the entrance to the #### australian grand prix corporation headquarters here thursday after police arrested ## people for obstructing building at the formula one track .
australia will not be <unk> zimbabwe , the newest addition to cricket 's top league , when the world series one-day contest swings into action here friday .
egyptian president hosni mubarak held talks here thursday with president hafez al-assad ahead of a new us peace shuttle in the region , syrian officials said .
the british food and drink giant grand <unk> on thursday reported a five-percent jump in annual pre-tax profits to ### million pounds -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- from ### million pounds the previous year .
president boris yeltsin on thursday undertook measures to `` restore order '' in the embattled secessionist republic of chechnya , but his office did not specify if this meant a military intervention by russia troops massed at the border since wednesday .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali on thursday declared a `` planetary emergency '' over the aids virus , at the opening of the first ever international political summit on the pandemic .
industrial ouput in norway rose by #.# percent in october from the figure for september on a seasonally-corrected basis , the statistical office here reported on thursday .
skipper courtney walsh led the west indies off the field in the second test against india here thursday after a player was hit by a stone thrown from the stands .
share prices here fell in early trading on thursday morning because of profit-taking , a fall in futures and fears of a rise in interest rates towards the end of the year , dealers said .
jordanian foreign ministry officials traveled to tel aviv on thursday to look for a building to house their first embassy in israel following the signing of a peace treaty , the authorities said .
israel gave the palestinians control of taxation in the west bank and was to complete the transfer of powers under self-rule by surrendering the health department later thursday , officials said .
a russian soldier stationed in the caucasus republic of north ossetia has been killed by machine gun fire from across the border in neighbouring ingushetia , the russian interior ministry announced thursday .
teachers in the ukrainian capital kiev began a three-day strike thursday , demanding better pay and a higher status for their profession .
a new hong <unk> television station began beaming programs throughout the china region thursday , with a <unk> approved menu of `` no sex , no violence , no news .
millions voted thursday in indian state elections considered crucial for prime minister p.v. narasimha rao , amid unprecedented security to prevent possible attacks by maoist guerrillas .
vietnam has refused a visa to former us central intelligence agency -lrb- cia -rrb- director william colby , now a businessman on the board of an investment fund , a foreign ministry spokesman said thursday .
thirty-three kenyan prison warders were killed and more than ## others seriously injured when their truck collided with a container lorry in the kenyan capital on thursday , police said .
inspired by a putting lesson from compatriot brad faxon , american mark calcavecchia produced his best score in four trips to royal melbourne on thursday to lead the greg norman golf classic .
the lire rallied in early trading on thursday in response to an agreement in italy over pension reform which had averted a planned general strike on friday , dealers said .
a joke on a top-rated us television show has drawn angry protests from philippine diplomats in the united states who say it was `` racist '' and a slur on filipinos , officials said thursday .
taiwan put its military on high alert thursday in reaction to silence on normally active mainland chinese military radio as defense authorities scrambled to discover the cause , a defense committee member said .
a us jeep manufacturer is to start assembly in pakistan next year , a us diplomat said here on thursday .
six unidentified warplanes launched a new raid thursday on grozny , capital of the breakaway russian republic of chechnya , as russian troops massed along the border and moscow vowed to restore order , correspondents reported .
frostbite , <unk> wounds and life-threatening floods have failed to deter ##-year-old song <unk> from his ##-year mission to cover china 's #,### counties and cities on foot .
international petroleum corp. -lrb- ipc -rrb- , based in canada , has made a potentially huge oil find off the east coast of malaysia , the company said on thursday .
the fiat punto was voted `` car of the year '' by journalists from ## european countries on thursday .
england skipper mike atherton says morale in the tourists ' camp is high despite the ###-run defeat to australia in the first test .
an aids victim tied down to a bed in a madrid hospital burned to death when fire engulfed his room , spanish health ministry sources said thursday .
west german industrial output rose by #.# percent in october from the figure for september , provisional and seasonally-adjusted official figures showed here on thursday .
hundreds of thousands of people turned out in this holy city on thursday to pay their last respects at the funeral of top shiite moslem cleric , grand ayatollah mohammad ali araki .
stopping pakistan 's forwards in the hockey world cup semi-final here friday is a task young german defender michael green is relishing .
the united states is to open an office of its drug enforcement administration -lrb- dea -rrb- here as part of efforts to increase bilateral cooperation in the fight against narcotics , a us official said thursday .
china is to begin formal education of children at the age of three and introduce a bilingual teaching program at kindergarten level under a draft plan to reform the sector , xinhua said thursday .
two algerian journalists have been assassinated in boufarik , south of the capital algiers , security services announced thursday .
the german swimming federation -lrb- dsv -rrb- is to boycott the world cup round in beijing next january following the disclosure that several chinese swimmers failed dope tests .
the british government thursday proposed beginning exploratory northern ireland peace talks with the sinn fein political wing of the irish republican army on december # , a spokesman for prime minister john major said .
the last surviving hard-core member of the red army faction -lrb- raf -rrb- ultra-left terrorist group , irmgard moeller , ## , was conditionally freed thursday after spending more than ## years in jail .
israeli foreign minister shimon peres invited pope john paul ii to visit israel during talks here thursday on the middle east peace process and the status of religious sites in jerusalem , vatican officials announced .
jewish settlements plan to regroup after israel and the palestinians seal a final agreement on the status of the west bank and gaza strip , settlers ' leaders said on thursday .
negotiations between managers of the spanish state-owned iberia airline and pilots broke down over pay cuts early on thursday without agreement on a plan to rescue the company , iberia president javier salas said .
a strong earthquake and several aftershocks shook the greek island of <unk> in the ionian sea , thursday destroying homes and forcing schools to close , island officials reported .
satellite broadcaster espn international has appointed modi enterprise to distribute its sports programs in india , espn said thursday .
albania will soon open a consulate in the greek border town of ioannina , albania 's ambassador to greece , <unk> <unk> , said thursday in a move seen as thawing relations between the two countries .
six warplanes launched a new raid thursday on grozny , capital of the breakaway russian republic of chechnya , as russian troops massed along the border and moscow vowed to restore order , correspondents reported .
russia is opposed to any proposed withdrawal of un peacekeeping troops from bosnia-hercegovina and will not pull its own troops out of the area , foreign minister andrei kozyrev said on thursday .
norway launched thursday the first stage of a ##.# million dollar scheme to improve the electricity network for the gaza strip , palestinian officials said .
the cambodian government has warned officials to avoid extravagance because of constraints brought about by recent natural disasters and khmer rouge attacks , the state news agency reported thursday .
two algerian journalists have been murdered in boufarik , south of the capital algiers , and three other civilians have been killed , security services announced thursday .
bosnian officials said two bosnian serb anti-tank missiles hit the interior ministry in the center of the city on thursday , injuring two people .
roberto trotta and omar asad scored second half goals to give south american champions velez sarsfield a #-# win over ac milan in the inter-continental cup challenge here thursday .
a ##-storey extension to hong kong 's venerable peninsula hotel was officially opened here thursday by britain 's duke and duchess of kent .
survivors of a devastating fire on the italian cruise liner achille lauro were thursday making their way to mombassa , oman and djibouti after spending the night on a panamanian tanker , south african booking agent starlight cruises director allan <unk> said .
as a showdown loomed over senate ratification of the <unk> gatt global trade pact , us administration officials expressed cautious optimism over the vote .
two anti-tank missiles hit the interior ministry in the center of sarajevo thursday , injuring two people , a un protection force spokesman said .
the croatian army and croatian serb forces exchanged mortar and machinegun fire for six hours in one of their worst clashes since a march ceasefire , a un military spokesman said here thursday .
the norwegian state-owned oil company statoil is set to be the world 's leading steel buyer over the coming years as construction of several giant gas pipelines on the norwegian continental shelf starts .
northern ireland 's michael hughes has been loaned to premiership club west ham by french first division side strasbourg announced the club thursday .
british plasterboard industries , europe 's leading plaster manufacturer , on thursday reported a ##.# percent jump in six-month profits to ##.# million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , compared with ## million pounds in the same period a year earlier .
the british pharmaceuticals group smithkline beecham -lrb- sb -rrb- announced on thursday it had entered a development collaboration agreement with compatriot vanguard medica on its <unk> compound sb ###### .
spanish train drivers have called for a ##-hour strike friday to back demands for a ##.# percent pay increase demand , unions said thursday .
the ## nato foreign ministers have endorsed a us proposal to enlarge the alliance to take in east european countries , a nato official said thursday .
the london stock market was down sharply at mid-session on thursday as operators expressed fear of an interest rate increase by the end of the year .
stefan edberg will lead sweden 's bid for a fourth davis cup victory here this weekend , when he takes on russia 's alexander volkov in friday 's opening singles rubber .
us personal income rose by #.# percent in october while consumer spending rose by #.# percent , the commerce department said thursday .
nepal 's new parliament will debate the current budget when it meets in its first session later this month , with the new and potentially fragile minority communist administration predicting no radical changes .
west german manufacturing output rose by #.# percent in october , compared to september , officials figures showed thursday , as an economics institute forecast continued growth next year .
a top scientist has been arrested for leaking information about india 's space rocket program abroad for sex and money , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- reported thursday .
russia opposes withdrawing un peacekeeping troops from bosnia - hercegovina as threatened by un secretary general boutros boutros - ghali to increase pressure on the warring factions there to reach a settlement , foreign minister andrei kozyrev said thursday .
liverpool will meet arsenal in a showdown to reach the last four of the league cup after a fifth-round draw here on thursday that still leaves the way to wembley open for the smaller clubs .
the french right on thursday abandoned an attempt to present a single candidate in next spring 's presidential elections , increasing the chances of likely socialist contender jacques delors .
siemens has won two contracts worth a total of ### million marks -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- from the indonesian pt .
thai police appeared to be the target of a prank thursday when an anonymous woman caller told authorities where she had left part of a huge cache of stolen `` saudi gems .
britain said thursday it would open exploratory northern ireland peace talks with the sinn fein political wing of the irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb- next wednesday , the first in the ##-year sectarian conflict .
us personal income rose by #.# percent in october while consumer spending rose by #.# percent , the commerce department said thursday .
the lira was firm at mid-session on thursday on the london foreign exchange market in the wake of a deal between italian unions and the government on the plan for reforming retirement benefits .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi , under investigation for alleged corruption , said here thursday he would meet with magistrates probing the allegations in milan soon .
israeli foreign minister shimon peres invited pope john paul ii to visit israel during talks here thursday on the middle east peace process and the status of religious sites in jerusalem , vatican officials announced .
the organisation of the islamic conference has proposed a three-point peace plan to rival afghan factions meeting here in a bid to end the civil war in their country , an oic official said thursday .
stefan edberg will lead sweden 's bid for a fourth davis cup victory here this weekend , when he takes on russia 's alexander volkov in friday 's opening singles rubber .
the german cabinet on thursday adopted the draft federal budget for next year , calling for expenditures of ###.# billion marks and a deficit of ##.# billion , finance minister theo waigel announced .
police thursday were seeking five young boys in connection with the strangulation of a six-year-old , an incident that revived memories of the #### murder of toddler james bulger by two children .
the un aid program for iraq could be halted if it does not receive a fresh injection of cash from donor countries , the un resident coordinator said here thursday .
chad 's military ruler idriss deby on thursday amnestied all political prisoners and exiles -- except for one , the man he toppled in a rebellion four years ago , <unk> habre .
the frankfurt stock market marked time on thursday as investors remained in a cautious mood , waiting for more us economic statistics , <unk> said after the close .
michael jackson 's spokesman has denied that the pop star plans to end his #-month-old marriage to lisa marie presley , calling reports `` an outrageous , ### percent , total lie .
international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- officials began a two-week mission here thursday aimed at assessing egypt 's economic reform program .
a palestinian hijacker living in norway is banking on a un convention on human rights to quash a demand for her extradition to germany .
a chinese official here said thursday that britain should take responsibility for the vietnamese boat people currently held in camps here and ensure the problem is dealt with before #### when the colony reverts to china .
nato foreign ministers agreed thursday to begin the process of expanding the alliance to embrace former warsaw pact countries in central and eastern europe .
french foreign minister alain juppe on thursday said he and british foreign secretary douglas hurd aimed to meet with serbian president slobodan milosevic in belgrade on sunday .
pakistani opposition leader nawaz sharif thursday released tape recorded conversations of government leaders which he alleged proved their political corruption .
the dollar was mixed against other major currencies thursday in light trading despite a higher-than-expected rise in personal incomes .
british formula one team mclaren dismissed reports on thursday that they had signed scottish driver david coulthard for the #### season .
england 's nick faldo fired eight birdies to take a six under par , two - stroke lead over hometown favorite ernie els and germany 's bernhard langer on the first day thursday of the nedbank million dollar challenge -- golf 's biggest cash prize .
australian world number two greg norman 's plans for a ## million dollar world golf tour to compete with the current calendar `` has n't got off to a good start , '' former no. # nick faldo said here thursday .
chechen president dzhokhar dudayev said russia had started its threatened attack on his breakaway republic thursday , after six warplanes launched a new raid on the capital grozny that left one person dead and several injured .
president bill clinton is to pick top democrat senator george mitchell as a special advisor to the president and secretary of state for economic affairs in ireland , officials said thursday .
solid us demand for canadian natural gas led to #.# percent gain in september , compared to one year earlier , in domestic canadian production , the government reported thursday .
international red cross officials have made prison visits to ## rwandans expelled from zaire on the grounds they were terrorising and harassing fellow refugees , the red cross said here thursday .
wall street prices were mixed in early trading thursday , while there was little activity on the bonds market .
football league chiefs are demanding foreign bookmakers pay millions of pounds for the right to use english and scottish fixture lists according to a report in the racing post on thursday .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali will continue his efforts for peace in bosnia-hercegovina , his spokeswoman said thursday a day after his fruitless trip to sarajevo .
a russian parliamentary delegation opened talks here thursday with chechen authorities on securing the release of russian troops taken prisoner during the separatist republic 's civil conflict , chechen officials said .
british conglomerate hanson on thursday reported a ##.# percent jump in annual profits to #.## billion pounds -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- compared with #.## billion pounds a year earlier .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic met thursday with un bosnia commander general sir michael rose in his stronghold of pale , the serb news agency srna reported .
niger 's top attorney has called on the government to free a jailed hunger-striker from nigeria who was detained a year ago and accused of masterminding an air hijack , in a letter released thursday .
the commander of nato forces in southern europe , admiral leighton smith , arrived in the macedonian capital skopje thursday for a flying visit to the former yugoslav republic .
preparations for the ##th launch of the european rocket ariane thursday night , with a us satellite aboard , were taking place normally and no problems had been encountered , an arianespace spokesman said .
a senior member of prime minister benazir bhutto 's cabinet thursday blamed pakistani clerics for mounting sectarian violence in the country .
president bill clinton on thursday named top democrat senator george mitchell as a special advisor to the president and secretary of state for economic affairs in ireland .
the indian navy on thursday expressed fears that defense cuts would disrupt its blue-water expansion plans and blunt its combat edge over asian rivals .
a closely-watched index on us manufacturing rose again in november to reach its highest level since february , #### .
wimbledon hard-man vinnie jones was given a surprise international call-up by wales here on thursday for the crucial european championship qualifier against bulgaria in cardiff on december ## .
big russian commercial banks and russian gold-mining companies on thursday announced creation of an association aimed at supporting the international gold market , interfax news agency reported .
shops in britain will now be able to stay open ## hours a day from monday to saturday as new government regulations , effective thursday , allow them to trade at any time of the day or night .
the spanish ambassador to britain was summoned to the foreign office thursday and given a protest against spain 's tough new checks at spain 's border with the british colony , gibraltar , a british spokesman said .
the paris bourse suffered a moderate loss on thursday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , down #.## percent by comparison with the wednesday close .
president bill clinton on thursday named the top democrat , senator george mitchell , as a special advisor to the president and secretary of state for economic affairs in ireland .
the mclaren grand prix team dismissed as speculation here on thursday reports that they had signed scottish driver david coulthard for the #### season .
shells made in israel have been fired at jewish communities by the pro-iranian hezbollah movement in lebanon , prime minister yitzhak rabin revealed on thursday .
norwegian premier gro harlem brundtland retains the support of most norwegians despite losing a crucial referendum on admission to the european union , according to an opinion poll thursday in the dagbladet newspaper .
queen elizabeth ii and her husband the duke of edinburgh will make an historic visit to south africa march ##-## at the invitation of president nelson mandela , buckingham palace said thursday .
fortis insurance group said thursday that it scored a net profit of ### million ecus -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- for the year 's first nine months , up ## percent from ###.# million ecus for the same period last year .
bangladesh 's ## million voters for the first time will be provided with national identity cards under a law approved by parliament , officials here thursday said .
britain said thursday it would open exploratory northern ireland peace talks next wednesday with sinn fein , the political wing of the irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb- , the first in the ##-year sectarian conflict .
<unk> gamal , one of the leading belly dancers in the arab world , died here thursday at the age of ## from cancer , the egyptian news agency mena said .
millions voted thursday in indian state elections widely considered crucial for prime minister p.v. narasimha rao , ignoring death threats by maoist guerrillas opposed to the polls .
brian little makes a rapid return to leicester on saturday when he takes aston villa back to the club he walked out on last week .
london stocks lost considerable ground on thursday , as the market feared a further rise in british interest rates by the end of the year .
russian health minister eduard nechayev has demanded changes to a draft bill that would introduce compulsory aids tests for foreigners staying or holidaying in russia , the itar-tass news agency said .
nato has called on germany to take part in combat missions over <unk> , german foreign minister klaus kinkel said thursday .
exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama will visit here next monday and tuesday at the invitation of the rector of the paris mosque , dalil boubakeur , it was announced thursday .
the swedish government decided thursday to prohibit test models of the swedish multirole fighter plane jas ## gripen from participating in air shows or flying over densely populated areas .
pakistani opposition leader nawaz sharif thursday released tape recorded conversations of government leaders which he alleged proved their political corruption .
from beijing to havana and from ankara to bogota the spotlight of international attention fell fully on aids and those who suffer from it thursday as across the planet people marked world aids day .
arsenal star paul merson agreed to take part in a rehabilitation program here on thursday following his confession to cocaine addiction last week .
german auto group volkswagen and us group ford will put an end to their cooperation in brazil and argentina within the <unk> joint venture , vw announced in wolfsburg on thursday .
ernesto zedillo , a stalwart of the party which has ruled mexico for ## years , was sworn in thursday as mexico 's president at a time of conflict within the party and violence simmering in the south .
the williams renault british touring car team have denied reports that former world champion alain prost will drive for them next year .
un special envoy yasushi akashi is due to visit the bosnian serb stronghold of pale on friday for talks with the breakaway serbs , the un protection force annnounced here thursday .
the bank of france 's foreign exchange reserves rose by ### million francs in the week ending november ## to a total of ###.## billion francs , according to a calculation made thursday by credit lyonnais bank from the central bank 's weekly report .
canada would trim its defense spending by reducing its air force and other operations while expanding the number of ground troops in its army under a plan unveiled thursday by defense minister david <unk> .
aston villa midfielder andy townsend has been added to the republic of ireland squad for the b international against england at liverpool on december ## .
us authorities have broken up a money laundering ring handling ### million dollars in drug money , arresting two rabbis , a firefighter , a police officer and a bulgarian honorary <unk> .
senior chinese officials thursday ended a major conference on economic problems in beijing with a call for further reforms while warning about deteriorating security in some parts of the country .
the ill-fated achille lauro will be replaced by another italian liner , the symphony , for the traditional christmas cruising season in south african waters , booking agent starlight cruises said thursday .
bosnian president alija izetbegovic is expected to attend a meeting of the organisation of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- in switzerland next monday to discuss the situation in bosnia , diplomats said thursday .
paris marked world aids day thursday by inaugurating its first free distributor for syringes at one of the capital 's railway stations .
copper and nickel soared on thursday , lifting to new records since september #### and since august #### , respectively , in expectation on a continued downdraw in stocks and on supply worries , dealers said .
more than ### islamic militants will go on trial next week at the high state security court for their alleged involvement in attacks on some ### policemen in southern egypt , judicial officials said thursday .
libya thursday blamed the united states for the un 's decision to renew for another four months the international sanctions in force against tripoli since april #### .
the croatian government said thursday it would sign an agreement on normalizing economic links with serb secessionists who control the krajina region of the country .
between ### and ### chernobyl survivors demonstrated here thursday to demand larger handouts from state coffers for impoverished victims of the nuclear catastrophe .
french domestic airline air inter said thursday that it expected its traffic on friday to be `` practically normal '' as union organizations calling for a strike that day continued to argue against a planned new company in #### with air france .
rwandan health minister joseph <unk> said here thursday he hoped for a restoration of relations with france and called for a senior french official to visit kigali to see for himself the situation on the ground in the central african country .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- warned partick thistle here on thursday they could be barred from this season 's scottish cup if they do not come to an agreement with hamilton over the sharing of their ground firhill .
norwegian state-owned statoil hopes to begin oil production at the <unk> field on the danish continental shelf in #### , statoil said thursday .
the egyptian human rights organisation thursday accused security forces of adopting illegal draconian measures against moslem militants , including hostage-taking and liquidation .
arsenal star paul merson was handed a last chance by the football authorities to sort out his drug problems here on thursday .
canada 's melanie turgeon , who won a record five gold medals at this year 's world junior championships , has shown she will be a top contender in the season 's first world cup downhill race .
the dollar moved on thursday to its highest level in three months against the german mark on the london foreign exchange market in the wake of us statistics pointing to a continued strong us economic recovery , traders said in late afternoon .
new zealand thursday became the first international cricket side to play a match in johannesburg 's sprawling black township soweto , traditional home of south african football .
leading german automaker volkswagen on thursday denied press reports saying it planned to cut the group work force by ##,### in the coming years .
russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev said thursday he was putting off signing an individual partnership agreement with nato in protest at the alliance 's planned expansion into eastern europe .
world cup star bebeto has been ruled out of deportivo la coruna 's plans in one of the spanish side 's most important weeks of the season .
israeli foreign minister shimon peres on thursday criticized damascus for the slow pace of progress in peace talks with syria .
russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev refused thursday to sign a military cooperation agreement with nato in protest at the alliance 's plans to expand eastward .
a judge thursday lifted a restraining order issued two days earlier blocking distribution of penthouse magazine with nude photos of paula jones , who is suing president bill clinton for sexual harassment .
israel and greece signed their first ever military cooperation agreement here thursday .
members of the ex-communist party of democratic socialism -lrb- pds -rrb- demonstrated in eastern germany thursday in support of party leaders who are on hunger strike in protest at a crippling tax demand .
haitian president jean-bertrand aristide has moved to clear supporters of the former military regime from the army by retiring or dismissing ## officers , a spokesman said thursday .
a majority of swedish youths are in favor of sweden accepting immigrants , but many are still hesitant , according to a study presented thursday by the institute for youth information , <unk> .
the european union has failed to agree on ways of boosting cooperation on policing and judicial matters , outgoing eu justice commissioner padraig flynn said thursday .
heavy battles are continuing in the bihac pocket , with the main serb push coming from the direction of <unk> to the southeast of the moslem enclave , bihac mayor <unk> <unk> said by telephone thursday .
the croatian government said thursday it would sign an agreement on normalizing economic links with serb secessionists who control the krajina region of the country , the hina news agency said .
the major us department stores had mixed results from <unk> sales but saw a good start to the holiday shopping season , according to figures published friday .
the french league decided to suspend bastia 's home ground for one match on thursday , with a further one-match punishment should further problems arise in the wake of last saturday 's near-riot at bastia 's <unk> stadium .
a ##-year-old german policeman was sentenced thursday to three years jail for forcing two vietnamese men to have sex with him , according to a legal source in <unk> , eastern germany .
the luxembourg commercial court will rule on january ## on a plan to compensate ###,### creditors of the failed bank of credit and commerce international -lrb- bcci -rrb- , legal sources said thursday .
on the day that world leaders were calling for more action against aids , the french pharmacists ' association said thursday it would take measures against one of its members who is refusing to sell condoms .
chinese officials thursday ended a major economic conclave in beijing with a vow to rein in inflation while maintaining growth and issued a warning on deteriorating public security in parts of the country .
a raid by russian-built warplanes over the chechen capital grozny mid - afternoon thursday killed at least four people and wounded nine , hospital sources told afp , adding that the raid 's death toll was probably far higher .
the french league decided to suspend bastia 's home ground for one match on thursday , and ordered a replay of saturday 's controversy - plagued #-# draw against monaco at a neutral stadium .
israel 's internal security service shin beth thwarted a suicide attack by using tougher interrogation techniques on two members of the islamic resistance movement hamas , israeli television said thursday .
tony blair , the leader of britain 's opposition party , was attacked thursday for `` hypocrisy '' after it was revealed that he was sending his son to the type of private , state-subsidised school his party officially opposes .
the government of croatia and serb secessionists who control a quarter of the country will sign an agreement friday to restore economic links .
he said the punishment was severe because he believed it was in effect a two-match suspension , with another one-match ban should other problems arise , because of the forced replay on a neutral ground .
the manuscript of schumann 's second symphony , which disappeared for more than ## years , was sold at auction for #,###,### pounds -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- here thursday , double its estimated value .
spain 's marta <unk> and partner brad bryant combined for a seven-under par ## here thursday to grab a share of the lead after one round of the #.# million-dollar pga-lpga classic .
spain 's marta <unk> and partner brad bryant combined for a seven-under par ## here thursday to grab a share of the lead after one round of the #.# million-dollar pga-lpga classic .
a united nations report into the mass killing of tutsis in rwanda has concluded that there is `` overwhelming evidence '' that it was planned months in advance by the regime of president juvenal habyarimana .
diana , the princess of wales , marked world aids day by joining thousands of screaming fans at a pop concert for aids charities starring group take that .
former nicaraguan president daniel ortega will probably undergo cardiac surgery in cuba as a result of an undetected heart attack suffered three months ago , his sandinista party said thursday .
as roma 's amedeo carbone and fabio <unk> were both sent off in their team 's #-# loss at juventus in the first leg of the italian cup quarter-final on thursday .
three-time world cross country champion lynn jennings , the #### olympic ##,### m bronze medalist , goes for her eighth straight us cross country title and ninth crown overall here sunday .
rwanda began thursday chairing meetings of the un security council as the next country in line to hold the rotating presidency of the top decision-making body .
the canadian imperial bank of commerce announced thursday record earnings of ### million dollars canadian -lrb- ### million us dollars -rrb- in the #### fiscal year , up ## percent from last year 's profits .
thousands of rwandans fled into zaire from the southwest of the country last week after rwandan <unk> forces `` emptied '' at least one camp full of displaced persons , humanitarian aid organizations reported thursday in bukavu .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri tendered his resignation thursday at a special government meeting , government officials said .
the dollar rose against the other major currencies except sterling thursday in light trading dominated by technical factors .
film star richard gere and supermodel cindy crawford have decided to separate after almost three years of <unk> , the couple announced thursday .
syrian president hafez al-assad thursday accused israel of deliberately creating a stalemate in peace talks and of wanting to impose its `` hegemony '' on the arabs .
a ferry carrying at least ### people sank near here before dawn friday after being rammed by a freighter , the philippine navy said .
an ariane rocket blasted off at #### gmt at the kourou space center carrying a us <unk> satellite .
stock prices turned sharply lower thursday , dragged down by a computer-driven selloff a day ahead of a report on unemployment and fears of another move by the federal reserve to tighten credit .
the national football league is considering playing their first regular-season games outside the united states by shifting some buffalo bills ' home games to toronto , league officials said thursday .
pga tour commissioner tim finchem said he received a pledge from world tour supporter greg norman of australia not to back anything that would harm the pga circuit during a thursday telephone conversation .
former basketball star michael jordan concluded his <unk> baseball training season here one day early , departing before thursday 's scheduled finale for the scottsdale scorpions .
the gatt agreement passed its final procedural hurdle in the us senate thursday , virtually assuring us approval of the world trade pact .
the dollar opened higher at ##.## yen in tokyo on friday , up #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ##.## yen .
the government of croatia and serb secessionists who control a quarter of the country will sign an agreement friday to restore economic links .
more than ### people were reported missing friday when a ferry sank after being rammed by a cargo ship at the mouth of manila bay , the philippine navy , coast guard and radio said .
the international ski federation has told us skiing officials it will likely reject an offer to host two men 's world cup tour events that were canceled due to lack of snow in europe .
share prices opened lower on the tokyo stock exchange on friday , with the nikkei stock average falling ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
lisa marie presley sought thursday to dispell rumors of an imminent break-up of her six-month-old marriage to pop star michael jackson , saying they were very happily married .
jurors found a lebanese immigrant guilty thursday of killing a jewish teenager during a shooting spree on the brooklyn bridge , rejecting the assailant 's claim he suffered war flashbacks .
president bill clinton hailed the ratification of the gatt agreement by the us congress thursday as a victory that would carry the country forward into the ##st century .
a former justice official and close friend of president bill clinton plans to plead guilty to two felony charges brought by the prosecutor in the whitewater affair , a source close to the investigation said thursday .
an ariane rocket carrying a us <unk> satellite collapsed into the atlantic ocean minutes after liftoff thursday in the seventh failed launch of the european rocket in ## years .
the people of bihac , their town under a sustained siege by bosnian serb forces , are running dangerously short of food , notably milk for infants , a representative of the un high commissioner for refugees warned thursday .
a key leader of the quebec separatist movement , lucien bouchard , had his leg amputated thursday amid a report that he was suffering from a potentially fatal infection caused by flesh-eating bacteria .
riddick bowe punched larry donald at a pre-fight news conference .
national hockey league owners and players , whose labor dispute has shut down the season for two months , moved closer to a settlement in talks here thursday .
olympic champion fred borre lundberg and knut tore apeland , the world cup individual event champion here , gave norway a victory here thursday night in a team competition .
rescuers have saved ### people from a ferry that sank at the mouth of manila bay before dawn friday , leaving ### unaccounted for , the ship owners said here .
a whopping ## billion taiwan dollars -lrb- #.# billion us -rrb- has been spent in the campaign for taiwan 's largest-ever elections by candidates and business groups , banking sources said thursday .
a cargo ship rammed and sank a ferry at the mouth of manila bay before dawn friday , leaving ## dead and ## missing , the ship owners and coastguards said here .
berlin will stage next year 's champions trophy from september ## to october # , the international hockey federation -lrb- fih -rrb- announced here friday .
shanghai is planning to construct the country 's first urban elevated railway to tackle the city 's traffic congestion problem , a newspaper reported friday .
inflation in vietnam is expected to be close to ## percent this year after floods in the mekong delta pushed prices up #.# percent in november , reports said friday .
immigration officials in american samoa have deported #,### overstayers this year , ### of them forcibly in the last two months , immigration office statistics released thursday showed .
two more papua new guinea soldiers were friday confirmed killed in an ambush by bougainville rebels , setting back prospects for any resumption of last october 's peace negotiations .
at least four people were killed in sporadic violence during elections in indian prime minister p.v. narasimha rao 's home state of andhra pradesh thursday , newspapers reported friday .
thousands of people rioted in bandung , west java , smashing shops and damaging cars after rumors that a pedicab driver was killed during a municipal clean up campaign in the city center , press reports said friday .
shanghai introduced a no smoking ban in public places thursday but surveys by newspapers still found people smoking in cinemas , on buses and at the railway station , news reports said friday .
chinese insurance companies are seeking a legal framework to manage robust growth in the huge but largely untapped insurance market , a newspaper reported friday .
united states congressional approval of legislation implementing the gatt world trade deal was `` great news for australia and the world economy generally '' , trade minister bob mcmullan said friday .
national football league passing leader warren moon and reception leader cris cater combined for two touchdowns to give minnesota a ##-## overtime triumph over chicago here thursday .
textile exports soared ##.# percent in the first ## months of #### to account for nearly one third of china 's overseas sales , while the sector 's output grew only slightly , the china daily said friday .
tokyo may protest to washington over a us stamp that is to show a mushroom cloud rising from a nuclear bomb dropped on japan , foreign affairs minister yohei kono said friday .
china has imposed an immediate ban on the export of grain , including rice and corn , and other agricultural produce to stem rising prices of the country 's main staples , a news report said friday .
the australian government announced friday a multi-million dollar handout to compensate aborigines for british nuclear tests conducted on their land .
south africa 's financial rand for non-resident investors opened weaker against the dollar friday , opening at #.## \/ ## to the greenback from thursday 's close of #.## \/ ## .
share prices closed marginally lower on the tokyo stock exchange friday as investors adjusted positions ahead of the weekend in the absence of fresh incentives .
the dollar gained ground in tokyo friday amid growing prospects of another increase in us interest rates following the release of favourable us economic data .
australian trade minister bob mcmullan lashed out friday at political opponents who have stalled legislation ratifying the uruguay round global trade pact , accusing them of `` silly obstructionism .
prince norodom <unk> , an uncle of cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk and a former foreign affairs minister as well as a fighter pilot for the french , has died after a brief battle with throat cancer , a local paper reported friday .
the australian government announced friday a multi-million dollar handout to compensate aborigines for british nuclear tests conducted on their land .
the government is close to giving the go-ahead to south korea 's leading samsung business group to open an automobile business , officials said friday .
film stars , sportsmen , writers and businessmen will lead a peace march of thousands through the streets of violence-plagued karachi saturday , the organizers said friday .
singapore-based hotel consulting firm <unk> asia pacific unveiled plans further to expand its services to the hotel industry through a joint venture with us leading hotel brokerage firm hotel partners inc here on friday .
hong kong stock prices plunged by #.## percent on under selling pressures on friday following a sharp fall on the us market overnight amid fears of further interest rate increases .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri has canceled a landmark visit to china following his decision to submit his resignation , his office said friday .
un special envoy yasushi akashi was due in the serb stronghold of pale near here friday for talks with bosnian serb leaders two days after un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali was rebuffed over a crucial truce meeting at sarajevo airport .
italian president oscar luigi scalfaro has warned magistrates to be more cautious when investigating corruption allegations , including probes into prime minister silvio berlusconi 's fininvest group .
the ### survivors of the italian cruise liner achille lauro fire are expected to start arriving in the african ports of mombassa and djibouti sunday , south african booking agent starlight cruises spokewoman said friday .
the croatian government signed friday morning an accord on restoring economic links with serb secessionists who control a quarter of the country .
the bank of spain held its key interest rate at #.## percent at a tender for ##-day certificates of deposit on friday , the bank said .
italian trafficker roberto <unk> , a key link between colombian drug cartels and mafia groups in sicily and calabria , was detained here friday after being expelled from colombia , officials said .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri has canceled a landmark visit to china following his decision to resign , his office said friday .
scoreboard of the one-day cricket tour match between england and a bradman xi here friday .
test reject john crawley spearheaded england to a thrilling four wicket win in their one-day match against a bradman xi here friday .
china , which has been stung by a multiple doping scandal involving its champion swimmers , will not be staging their world cup swimming event in january , officials said friday .
political tensions mounted here friday as opposition legislators staging a boycott charged president kim young-sam 's ruling party with leading a `` parliamentary coup d'etat '' and vowed to block it from unilaterally passing the #### budget .
researchers at the university of chicago have isolated a genetic switch in embryos that start out female to become male , according to study to be published friday in the journal science .
canadian prime minister jean chretien floated the idea of a trade liberalisation agreement between the nafta countries and the european union , here on friday .
a convoy of ## dutch un <unk> detained by bosnian serb forces have been released , the dutch defense ministry said friday .
israeli police have arrested a league footballer and a well-known gambler in connection with a match-rigging scandal .
police expelled a group of hunger-striking ex-communist leaders from a public building here , but the seven protesting a crippling tax demand moved on to a new venue friday to pursue their strike .
president jean-bertrand aristide has urged all those who suffered repression at the hands of the former military regime to take their complaints to court .
swedish car manufacturer saab automobile , half-owned by general motors , sold #,### cars in the united states in november , an increase of ## percent from the figure for the same period last year , saab said friday .
divers are to descend to the wreck of the ill-fated estonia friday to inspect the car ferry 's exterior , interior , bow ramp and positioning , the swedish maritime board said .
us and north korean negotiators wound up closed-door talks here friday on implementing their landmark october accord to neutralise pyongyang 's suspect nuclear program .
the ruble continued to fall against the dollar here on friday , to #,### to the dollar from #,### on thursday .
<unk> bovelander guided defending champions holland into the hockey world cup final here on friday , scoring twice in a #-# win over australia .
the pakistan government on friday described as `` ridiculous '' an indian press report saying it had organised a spy ring that passed on indian space industry secrets .
a medical helicopter on emergency call crashed four minutes after takeoff here killing its three occupants -- the pilot , a doctor and a nurse , authorities said .
greg norman remained confident of breaking his australian drought after a bold charge on friday in his golf classic tournament was derailed at the final hole .
the channel tunnel rail terminal at london 's waterloo station has been named building of the year by the prestigious royal institute of british architects -lrb- riba -rrb- .
shares here slumped lower on opening friday , falling in the wake of overnight losses on wall street and on continued worries about possible rises in british interest rates before the end of the year .
the french state should inject four billion francs -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- into eurotunnel to overcome cash problems , the president of small investors in the tunnel warned on friday .
police in southwestern china 's yunnan province have arrested ## people for slaughtering ## rare asian elephants and illegally trading their tusks , the guangming daily reported friday .
the united states , russia and six asian nations have agreed to set up a network to exchange information on clamping down on firearms trafficking , the japanese national police agency said friday .
trading in the shares of swedish insurance group trygg-hansa was stopped on the stockholm stock exchange friday at the company 's own request , the company said .
janet smith , wife of former rebel rhodesian prime minister ian smith , died in harare on thursday night aged ## , her husband said friday .
bosnian serbs have released ## dutch un peacekeepers they had detained for nearly a week in the zvornik region in northeastern bosnia - hercegovina , the dutch defense ministry said friday .
china , which has been stung by a multiple doping scandal involving its champion swimmers , will not stage a world cup swimming event in january , officials said friday .
world number one nick price fired three birdies in his first three holes to get within striking distance of england 's nick faldo early on the second day of the nedbank million dollar challenge .
angola 's taag airlines will resume commercial flights on tuesday to huambo , the country 's second city and former unita rebel stronghold retaken by government forces last month , the company announced friday .
the dollar rose in early trading on friday , particularly against the yen before publication later in the day of us november employment data , dealers said .
nato friday denied reports that its `` deny flight '' operation over bosnia has been suspended .
the german government has begun examining a nato request to germany to provide tornado fighter planes for operations in the bosnian war , chancellor helmut kohl said friday .
plo leader yasser arafat and hamas have agreed to set up a joint commission of inquiry into the gaza clashes last month which killed ## palestinians , a spokesman for arafat announced friday .
european ###m hurdles champion svetla dimitrova , who is suspended by <unk> 's athletics federation for moving to austria , was fleeing in fear of her husband and coach , according to her manager .
the nepali congress party on friday unanimously elected sher bahadur deuba as its parliamentary leader only two weeks after polls said he would never win , state-run radio announced .
thai authorities arrested a german national friday and charged him with molesting children , police said .
opposition legislators formed human barricades in parliament and locked the speaker in his office friday to prevent passage of the government 's draft #### budget .
two missiles hit the bosnian presidency in central sarajevo friday while un special envoy yasushi akashi was in the building , an afp reporter on the scene reported .
nato on friday denied reports that its `` deny flight '' operation to enforce a no-fly zone over bosnia-hercegovina has been suspended .
bhp petroleum plans to begin drilling for oil in the east timor gap next year even though the international court of justice still must rule on the legality of exploiting the area .
a security guard has been given a one-month suspended sentence for biting a policeman , after deciding against allowing his dog to do so , officials said friday .
first survivors of the devastating fire that swept the italian cruise ship achille lauro will arrive in djibouti , east africa saturday , officials announced here friday .
australia beat zimbabwe by two wickets at the waca ground here friday night in the opening clash of the world series one-day contest .
a senior italian government official friday suggested that his country 's currency was ready to return to the european monetary systems -lrb- ems -rrb- , which it left in september #### .
canadian prime minister jean chretien floated the idea of a trade liberalisation agreement between the nafta countries and the european union here on friday .
frankfurt stocks slipped on friday as the dax index finished the day at #,###.## points , down #.## percent from #,###.## points thursday evening .
warrington rugby league star jonathan davies turned down the chance to play in australia on a full-time basis here on friday .
the largest group to date of cuban refugees in guantanamo who volunteered to be repatriated arrived here earlier this week , a foreign ministry spokesman said .
the london stock market suffered a moderate loss in the first half of the friday session , affected by wall street losses and fears of a new rise in british interest rates by year-end , traders said .
australian rugby league test stars michael hancock and kevin walters pulled out of a move to london broncos here on friday .
us surgeon general joycelyn elders called for increased aids awareness in high schools to better fight the fatal disease throughout the country .
the rebel unita movement is to seek to have portugal excluded from the peace process in angola because it sold arms to the angolan government and maintained its warplanes , a leading member of the movement said in lisbon friday .
the dollar climbed over the ###-yen mark early thursday afternoon on the london foreign exchange market , rising to ###.## yen to the dollar immediately after release in washington of us employment figures .
the us index of leading economic indicators slipped #.# percent in october , the commerce department said friday , indicating that slower growth may be in the offing .
wolves manager graham taylor is set to complete the ###,### pounds signing of dutch international central defender john de wolf from feyenoord on monday .
us unemployment slipped to #.# percent for november , down from #.# percent in october , the labor department announced on friday .
john beck became english football 's latest managerial casualty here on friday because his <unk> game is no longer deemed `` appropriate '' at third division preston .
champions ajax amsterdam have drawn holders feyenoord rotterdam in the quarter-finals of the dutch cup .
the cambodian government will send a three-member team to vietnam to discuss the search for us soldiers listed as missing in action -lrb- mia -rrb- from the vietnam war , the delegation leader said friday .
imperial chemical <unk> -lrb- ici -rrb- announced friday that it would invest ## million pounds -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in building a paint factory in indonesia , at the <unk> industrial center ## kms south of jakarta .
world swimming chief mustafa larfaoui came to embattled china 's aid on friday , insisting there was no specific chinese problem over drugs .
britain 's ex-formula one driver derek warwick will spearhead alfa romeo 's challenge in the #### british touring car championship , it was announced here on friday .
shares in the solidere company in charge of rebuilding beirut 's city center fell by five percent on friday , after lebanese prime minister rafic hariri said he planned to resign .
nato secretary-general willy claes received a telegram friday informing him of an agreement between unprofor commander general bertrand de lapresle and two nato generals to `` slow down the no fly zone , '' remarks picked up on closed-circuit television revealed .
bhp petroleum plans to begin drilling for oil in the east timor gap next year even though the international court of justice still must rule on the legality of exploiting the area .
an increase in the number of jobs filled in november helped push canada 's unemployment rate down #.# percentage points to #.# percent , the government reported friday .
nato secretary-general willy claes received a telegram friday informing him of an agreement between unprofor commander general bertrand de lapresle and two nato generals to `` slow down '' the no fly operation over bosnia , remarks picked up on closed-circuit television revealed .
two failed businessmen who tried to extort ## million pounds -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- from supermarkets by threatening to contaminate food with the aids virus were jailed here friday .
twenty-two police were hurt in clashes with about ### anarchists resisting a court order to evacuate their makeshift homes in hamburg thursday night , police said .
the roman catholic bishop responsible for the embattled bosnian bihac enclave , franjo komarica , friday slammed `` cowardly '' international bodies that have allowed serbs to seize territory .
the dollar broke up through the ###-yen level friday afternoon on the london foreign exchange market for the first time since mid-october following a strong us employment report .
israel should establish three major palestinian enclaves free from jewish settlements on the west bank as a part of a final peace agreement , agriculture minister yaakov tzur said friday .
alberto tomba will be the man to watch this weekend , as the flamboyant italian tackles the opening races in the men 's alpine skiing world cup .
nato on friday denied reports that its `` deny flight '' mission to enforce a un no-fly zone over bosnia-hercegovina had been suspended , but there were indications the operation might have been scaled back .
european community external economic relations commissioner leon brittan on friday `` warmly welcomed '' the ratification late thursday by the us senate of the uruguay round trade agreements , saying he was sure the world trade organization would come into operation next january # .
nazi war criminal josef <unk> , ## , has been indicted on new charges of murdering or being accessory to the murder of ### people in poland , the stuttgart prosecutor 's office said friday .
belgrade leaders have expressed reservations over suggestions to link rump yugoslavia -- serbia and montenegro -- with bosnian serbs in a confederation as part of a revised peace settlement in bosnia - hercegovina .
swiss-swedish group asea brown boveri -lrb- abb -rrb- said friday it had acquired a stake of #.# percent of the capital of chinese group harbin power equipment company .
an indian businessman was arrested by police friday for alleged involvement in a spy scandal to obtain secrets of india 's ambitious space rocket program .
the dollar rose against other major currencies friday , breaching the ### yen mark for the first time since mid-october after publication of lower jobless figures in october .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri publicly announced his decision to resign on friday and warned that he would not change his mind .
britain 's duchess of york said on a visit here friday that she wanted to set up a charity for german children and promised to learn german so she could keep an eye on it .
wall street share prices got off to a hesitant start friday in quiet trading after news of a lower than expected jobless rate for november , even though the bond market remained stable .
nick faldo looked unstoppable on friday as he fired eight birdies and stretched his second round lead to seven strokes in the million dollar challenge , golf 's biggest purse .
inflation in the united states continues to be modest and there is little sign of it accelerating , the chief economic advisor to the white house said friday .
stefan edberg put sweden in charge of the davis cup final against russia here friday when he won a dramatic opening rubber against alexander volkov .
france took a step towards the silent world and untapped potential of the electric car on friday by revealing measures to boost construction and use of battery-powered vehicles .
shares in the solidere company in charge of rebuilding beirut 's devastated city center fell by five percent on friday , after lebanese prime minister rafic hariri announced he would resign .
despite good demand for large crude carriers loading in the middle east gulf , tanker rates showed only a small improvement towards the end of the week , london brokers e.a. gibson said friday in their weekly review .
likely french presidential candidate jacques delors on friday played down the significance of recent opinion polls giving him the lead in the race for the elysee palace next year .
a pastry cook famed in darmstadt for his erotic creations was fined #,### marks -lrb- #,### dollars -rrb- friday for filling his chocolate pralines with <unk> condoms .
detailed plans were being made in kenya 's indian ocean resort of mombasa friday to receive passengers and crew from the burned-out italian cruise liner achille lauro .
an elderly woman who was scalded by hot coffee from mcdonalds has reached a confidential settlement with the hamburger chain .
french domestic airline air inter was running services almost entirely as normal on friday despite a strike call by several unions , the company said .
the waterloo international terminal , the british terminus of the channel tunnel trains , has won the royal institute of british architects ' -lrb- riba -rrb- building of the year award .
an advance team from the vatican concluded a three-day trip to sri lanka on friday to lay the groundwork for pope john paul ii 's visit in january , an official statement said .
china 's state family planning commission minister peng peiyun briefed us undersecretary of state for global affairs timothy wirth friday on a controversial new eugenics law , xinhua reported .
the united nations food agency said friday it had started giving food aid to people suffering from aids in rwanda , one of the countries worst-hit by the disease .
the regional assembly of finland 's <unk> swedish-speaking province of <unk> voted friday to join the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- , mirroring a decision by mainland finnish lawmakers .
the paris bourse rolled up a substantial gain on friday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , up #.## percent from the thursday finish .
the cambodian government will send a three-man team to vietnam to discuss the search for us soldiers listed as missing in action -lrb- mia -rrb- from the vietnam war , the delegation leader said friday .
pope john paul ii is to send a letter to the children of the world explaining the meaning of christmas , and to tell them why the year of the family , now ending , had such significance for them .
the london stock market lost ground on friday as the footsie index shed ##.# points or #.# percent to end at #,###.# points .
the criminal justice section of the paris court of appeals ordered <unk> chairman pierre <unk> released from jail on friday , under court supervision , after he was charged on november ## with swindling , judicial officials said .
senate democrats took their first step toward recovery friday from their devastating electoral rout last month and picked a member of the new guard to lead them in their minority role in congress .
us secretary of state warren christopher will only visit syria and israel in his three-day middle east tour starting on october # , foreign minister amr mussa said here friday .
the achille lauro sank friday , less than three days after a fire ravaged the italian cruise ship off the somali coast , leaving an english and a german passenger dead and eight others injured , officials said .
three bosnian footballers on friday obtained a renewable , six-month visa to stay in france , according to authorities here .
an outbreak of yellow fever has killed ### people in south-eastern nigeria , the nigerian national press agency , nan , reported friday .
the central bank sold ### million dollars from its foreign currency reserves on friday to support the lebanese pound after prime minister rafic hariri announced his decision to resign , banking officials said .
european union finance ministers are expected monday to make a ## percent fluctuation range for currencies in the european monetary system virtually definitive to meet legal demands laid down in the eu 's maastricht treaty , european officials said friday .
a federal advisory panel friday supported conducting research on human embryos but said the public would have to be educated to accept the idea of such experiments .
a british charity agency truck driver who disappeared for five days this week in zaire after his convoy was attacked at a roadblock near goma called friday for better protection of charity workers in africa .
portuguese president mario soares will attend the investiture of newly elected mozambican president joaquim chissano in the mozambican capital maputo next week , presidential sources said here friday .
police hunting the young killers of a six-year-old boy said friday they were up against a `` wall of silence '' on the low-income public housing estate where the crime took place .
banks and other us financial institutions still confront barriers in some foreign markets , particularly in asia , said us treasury secretary lloyd bentsen on friday .
foreign ministers of the five-nation international contact group on bosnia began a meeting here friday to try to piece together a common peace strategy for the conflict and determine what to do if the bosnian serbs again snub their proposals .
nickel soared a massive ### dollars during the day to close at #,### dollars per tonne -- a new high since may #### , on growing concern about the situation at russian producer norilsk nickel , traders said .
striking major league baseball players have begun efforts to block us entry visas to foreign players who might be used as replacements should owners attempt to restart play next year .
the five-nation contact group seeking a political solution to the bosnia war is ready to modify its original plan , in a bid to persuade the bosnian serbs to accept it , diplomatic sources said here friday .
china and britain on friday established a joint committee to coordinate cross-border infrastructure projects between hong kong and china ahead of the colony 's #### handover , the xinhua news agency said .
china , which became a net oil importer this year , wants to broaden its contacts with kuwait in the petroleum business , deputy premier zou jiahua said friday .
stefan edberg and magnus larsson put sweden #-# up at the end of the first dramatic day of the davis cup final against russia here on friday .
algerian noureddine morceli and american jackie joyner-kersee were voted #### athletes of the year following votes from #,### international journalists .
us and north korean negotiators wound up closed-door talks here friday on implementing their landmark october accord to neutralise pyongyang 's suspect nuclear program .
the achille lauro cruiser which sank friday in the indian ocean two days after catching fire off the somali coast , had a chequered career , its #### hijacking by palestinian terrorists just one of several accidents to befall it .
conservative clerics have launched a campaign for iran 's ruler ayatollah ali khamenei to be named as the country 's shiite moslem leader , to succeed grand ayatollah mohammad ali araki who died tuesday .
the leading light of east germany 's ex-communist party , gregor gysi , vowed friday to continue a hunger-strike by senior party officials in protest at a crippling tax demand from the authorities .
the election as burundi 's parliamentary speaker of a hutu politician accused by opposition parties of organising massacres of the minority tutsi sparked protests political here friday .
the south african army friday won a temporary secrecy ruling allowing it to keep arms sales policy under wraps despite president nelson mandela 's proclaimed policy of open government .
us skier hilary lindh won her second career world cup race here friday , capturing the season 's first world cup women 's downhill race in one minute , ## seconds .
around ## people were killed friday and several dozen more were injured when a train ran off the rails at <unk> in central hungary , a police spokesman here said .
britain has demanded an explanation from romania over allegations that a british couple convicted of trying to illegally smuggle a baby out of romania were mistreated by police , officials said here friday .
some ## hooded gunmen in combat fatigues sealed off the headquarters <unk> , of one of russia 's most powerful commercial banks , in central moscow friday , eye witnesses said .
the central bank spent ### million dollars in foreign currency reserves friday to support the lebanese pound after prime minister rafic hariri announced his decision to resign , banking officials said .
seattle seahawks defensive tackle mike frier is paralyzed following an auto accident in which one of his national football league teammates crashed his car into a electricity pole .
israel can not start peace negotiations with syria if damascus refuses to budge from its demands -- notably the unconditional return of the golan heights -- israeli foreign minister shimon peres said here friday .
a bomb scare delayed the start of the cannes v caen french league match by ## minutes , police said here on friday .
several dozen students demonstrated friday in front of the abidjan cathedral in favor of ## hunger-strikers protesting academic rulings , witnesses said .
nearly all bastia 's officials resigned on friday in the wake of punishment by the french league for the near-riot at their <unk> stadium on saturday .
the state department said friday it has no evidence that elements of the palestine liberation organization -lrb- plo -rrb- controlled by yasser arafat were involved in recent attacks on israelis .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma has proposed a new draft constitution , interfax news agency reported friday , quoting kuchma 's press service .
authorities in the kosovo province of serbia said friday that they had arrested ### former policemen from the albanian community on suspicion that they were involved in plans for the province to secede and join albania .
sudan has criticised what it called a `` hostile '' meeting being organised in the kenyan capital nairobi later this month to discuss the ##-year civil war taking place in southern sudan .
sweden 's helen alfredsson and partner robert gamez fired a seven-under par ## here friday to claim a share of the lead midway through the #.# million-dollar <unk> classic .
junior british foreign minister douglas hogg arrived in egypt friday on a three-day visit to discuss middle east issues and bilateral ties .
the head of the us central intelligence agency -lrb- cia -rrb- james woolsey arrived in egypt on friday , airport officials said .
president bill clinton gave the pentagon the green light friday to resume radar tracking operations in colombia 's andes mountains aimed at <unk> aircraft used for drug trafficking .
the federal reserve will have to raise interest rates much higher to discourage mounting consumer confidence , the conference board 's chief economist warned friday .
poland 's parliament on friday threw out a bill to restore the assets of property owners dispossessed by a nationalisation law imposed by the communists between #### and #### .
at least six people killed and another ## were reported missing when the bus in which they were traveling friday plunged into the <unk> river , according to the civil protection service .
us trade representative mickey kantor announced friday that greece is on the us priority watch list for allegedly failing to protect against the illegal broadcast of us films .
stefan edberg and magnus larsson put sweden #-# up at the end of the first dramatic day of the davis cup final against russia here on friday .
the us government adopted new immigration rules friday that were to help some #,### cuban children and their parents enter the country from us naval bases in panama and at guantanamo , cuba .
around ## people were killed friday and several dozen more were injured when a train ran off the rails at <unk> in central hungary and smashed into a station , a police spokesman here said .
bosnian serb leaders in pale assured un envoy yasushi akashi friday that all un personnel blockaded on their territory would be allowed full freedom of movement , a un protection force spokesman said here .
the us transportation department agreed friday to drop a case against general motors pickup trucks in return for a gm commitment to spend more than ## million dollars on safety programs .
pakistan opened the benson and hedges international series quadrangular cricket tournament with a comfortable six-wicket victory over sri lanka at kingsmead here friday , scoring ### for four in reply to sri lanka 's ### for five .
the five-nation contact group on the former yugoslavia said friday it would accept the bosnian serbs forming a federation with serbia , if all parties agreed .
lebanon 's former christian warlord samir geagea on friday for the first time addressed the court judging him for murder charges , and condemned what he described as the `` political '' nature of the trial .
jurors returned a guilty verdict friday against heidi fleiss , the woman who gained fame as the madam to the stars for allegedly supplying <unk> hollywood celebrities with young women for sex .
george mitchell , named a us special advisor to ireland , remains a possible commissioner for strike-torn major-league baseball despite his new post .
stefan edberg and magnus larsson put sweden #-# up at the end of the first dramatic day of the davis cup final against russia here on friday .
historic talks due to take place between british government and sinn fein , the ira 's political wing , next week will be put back for ## hours at sinn fein 's request , britain 's northern ireland office said friday .
the united states will support former mexican president carlos salinas ' candidacy to head the world trade organization , the white house said friday .
the dollar rose against other major currencies friday , breaching the ### yen mark for the first time since mid-october after publication of lower jobless figures in october .
defending champions paris st. germain closed to within four points of pacesetters nantes at the top of the french first division on friday when they snatched a #-# win in their away clash at lens .
jurors returned a guilty verdict friday against heidi fleiss , the woman who gained fame as the madam to the stars for allegedly supplying <unk> hollywood celebrities with young women for sex .
wall street share prices rose friday buoyed by a drop in long-term interest rates that followed news of a lower than expected jobless rate for november .
defending champions paris st. germain closed to within four points of pacesetters nantes at the top of the french first division on friday when they snatched a #-# win in their away clash at lens .
us president bill clinton threw us support friday behind former mexican president carlos salinas ' candidacy to head the world trade organization .
russia threatened friday to veto a draft resolution blocking the resupply of serbs in croatia and bosnia from the federal yugoslav republic , diplomatic sources said .
the stock market posted gains this week , thanks to falling bond rates and despite the publication of better than expected us economic statistics .
historic talks due to take place between british government and sinn fein , the ira 's political wing , next week will be put back ## hours at sinn fein 's request , britain 's northern ireland office said friday .
president bill clinton rejected friday an advisory panel 's recommendation that he allow federal funding for research on human embryos , upholding a ban imposed by his republican predecessors .
south africa is to clamp down on illegal immigration by reintroducing visa requirements for some foreign nationals , home affairs minister mangosuthu buthelezi said friday .
a ceremonial sword encrusted with diamonds , given to the duke of edinburgh in #### , was stolen from a museum display at windsor castle , southern england , police said friday .
about ## million people were expected to vote on saturday as polls opened across taiwan in the first multi-party elections for three key positions .
us police took into custody a mexican politician wanted in the assassination of a top ruling party official in mexico , but released him because they did not know who he was , federal agents said friday .
jurors returned a guilty verdict friday against heidi fleiss , the woman who gained fame as the madam to the stars for allegedly supplying <unk> hollywood celebrities with young women for sex .
china welcomed saturday the us senate 's ratification of the landmark gatt accord , while reiterating its determination to rejoin the world trade body before the end of the year .
japan 's parliament session will be extended by six days until december # to discuss ratification of the uruguay round of gatt and a package of bills to sweeten the move for farmers , politicians said saturday .
president bill clinton ordered friday a ban on public funding for human embryos created for research purposes only but left the door open to experiments on human embryos produced from in vitro fertilization .
international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- workers prepared saturday to try to return to their relatives a dozen children who fled the rwandan massacres alone .
russia vetoed friday a draft resolution blocking the delivery of non - humanitarian supplies to serbs in croatia and bosnia from the rump yugoslavia .
the north atlantic treaty organisation plans to double the number of large-scale military exercises it stages in #### with east european countries compared with this year , a diplomatic source said here .
the us military base on kwajalein , cornerstone for the strategic defense initiative , or star wars , is in no danger of being closed but hefty budget cuts will reduce operations , us ambassador david fields said in an interview saturday .
authorities have detained seven people following a mass riot in west java over rumors that a pedicab driver was killed during an environmental clean-up campaign , the antara news agency said saturday .
american sprint queen bonnie blair started her final competitive season with an easy victory here saturday in the women 's ###-metre race at the first round of the world cup speed skating sprint series .
the shanghai education bureau has decided to introduce a compulsory course in deng xiaoping 's theory on chinese socialism for all college students in shanghai , a newspaper reported saturday .
president emomali rakhmonov named a close associate , jamshed karimov , as prime minister of tajikistan friday , promoting him from vice - premier to replace the reformist <unk> <unk> , itar-tass reported .
the state oil and gas company pertamina has awarded contracts worth #.## billion dollars for the exploration and exploitation of four geothermal concessions to <unk> firms , reports said saturday .
president boris yeltsin has sacked the deputy chief of russia 's counter-intelligence service , the fsk , amid allegations that it had secretly sent russian troops to fight the rebel government in chechnya .
chinese communist party chief jiang zemin has called for the injection and promotion of fresh blood in the party 's ranks , so as to eliminate `` obsolete concepts '' and foster a new leadership for the ##st century .
consumers of cannabis will unite at a mass rally here next year to push for legalisation of the drug in europe , a score of defense groups decided at a two-day conference which ended late friday .
shanghai financial institutions have raised more than ### billion yuan -lrb- ## billion dollars -rrb- since #### to finance several key projects in the city , a newspaper reported saturday .
a court here saturday jailed the parents , the elder brother and a cousin of a turkish teenager they had murdered for allegedly <unk> the family by her behavior .
south korean president kim young-sam saturday ordered sweeping changes in the governmental structure to increase administrative efficiency and strengthen the economy , the presidential office said .
china plans to recruit ###,### foreign experts over the next two years , including ##,### engineers and managers to work in ailing state firms , a senior governemnt official was quoted as saying saturday .
south korean president kim young-sam on saturday ordered a sweeping change in the structure of his government in a bid to enhance administrative efficiency and to concentrate national resources on the economy , the presidential office said .
china announced a ban saturday on all new printing houses and audio - visual production lines for the next two years , as part of a major crackdown on pornographic and politically suspect publications .
a senior world bank official on saturday lauded colombo 's commitment to resolve the protracted ethnic conflict but urged the new government to take steps to drastically reduce the deficit .
a key sicilian mafia boss , michelangelo la berbera , was arrested saturday in the sicilian capital palermo , police said .
one person was killed and ## others injured in a dawn bomb attack on two buildings housing the pro-kurdish daily , ozgur ulke -lrb- free country -rrb- in istanbul , the news agency anatolia reported saturday .
georgy <unk> , leader of the georgian opposition national democratic party , was assassinated saturday in tbilisi by unidentified gunmen who sprayed his car with bullets , the georgian news agency iprinda reported .
west indies , replying to india 's mammoth first innings score of ### for nine declared , reached ## for two by lunch on the third day of the second test here saturday .
the death toll in friday 's train crash in <unk> , central hungary , has risen to ## , with ## people injured , the official news agency mti reported saturday .
england skipper mike atherton is desperate for a victory over australian capital territory here sunday in the final one-day match before facing australia in sydney next tuesday .
combustion engineering -lrb- ci -rrb- of the united states will waive royalty payments when and if south korea 's electric power corp. -lrb- kepco -rrb- supplies safe nuclear reactors to north korea , yonhap news agency said saturday .
a key sicilian mafia boss , suspected of involvement in the car-bomb killing of top anti-mafia investigator giovanni falcone , was arrested saturday in the sicilian capital palermo , police said .
one person was killed and ## others injured in dawn bomb attacks on two buildings housing the pro-kurdish daily , ozgur ulke -lrb- free country -rrb- in istanbul , the news agency anatolia reported saturday .
cambodian foreign minister ung huot has assured french counterpart alain juppe the government was searching for the khmer rouge responsible for murdering three western hostages , the state news agency akp said satruday .
greg lemond , america 's triple winner of the tour de france , is to announce his retirement from cycling on saturday night , the new york times reported .
the west indies batsmen were struggling on saturday against indian spinners who were poised to increase their threat in the second test .
lebanese president elias hrawi has said he will refuse to accept the resignation of prime minister rafic hariri in remarks published saturday .
armenia and azerbaijan have reached a partial accord on the disputed enclave of nagorno-karabakh , which they have bitterly fought over for six years , the swedish presidency of the minsk group mediating the conflict said here saturday .
the head of the russian parliamentary delegation to chechnya left the capital grozny early saturday with two russian soldiers , freed by the chechen authorities as a `` goodwill '' gesture , interfax reported .
armenia and azerbaijan have reached a partial accord on the disputed enclave of nagorno-karabakh , which they have bitterly fought over for six years , the swedish presidency of the minsk group mediating the conflict said here saturday .
a squad from pakistan 's anti-narcotics force has seized #,### kilograms -lrb- ##,### pounds -rrb- of high-quality hashish in one of the country 's largest drug hauls , officials said saturday .
unidentified assailants on saturday killed ##-year old georgian nationalist opposition leader georgy <unk> , raking his car with automatic gunfire as he prepared to attend a party congress .
bosnian serb military authorities saturday denied targeting the bosnian presidency building in a missile attack while un special envoy yasushi akashi was inside .
indian troops disarmed land mines laid by maoist guerrillas as prime minister p.v. narasimha rao 's home state prepared for the final phase of crucial elections monday , officials said saturday .
china 's only wholly chinese-owned passenger car production line has launched an expansion project to more than triple production in #### , the overseas edition of the people 's daily said saturday .
a woman postal worker in lincoln , nebraska and an indiana man will share a ### million dollar lottery jackpot , the second biggest payout in us history , it was reported saturday .
israel , egypt and jordan plan to launch joint campaigns to promote tourism , egyptian tourism minister mamduh al-beltagui said in comments published saturday .
moslem militants shot dead an egyptian policeman and wounded three others overnight in troubled southern egypt , police said saturday .
snipers killed four people saturday just before film stars , intellectuals and sports celebrities led a big new march through karachi on saturday to call for an end to sectarian killing .
zaire 's government is to close ## diplomatic missions and consulates abroad , slashing the present total from ## to ## , according to a statement published after a cabinet meeting friday .
us brokerage <unk> peabody international corp. has decided to close and liquidate its tokyo branch , nihon keizai shimbun reported saturday .
combustion engineering -lrb- ci -rrb- of the united states will waive royalty payments when and if south korea 's electric power corp. -lrb- kepco -rrb- supplies safe nuclear reactors to north korea , yonhap news agency said saturday .
the first ## survivors of the doomed italian cruise ship achille lauro were brought into this horn of africa port saturday on board a liberian ship , the <unk> .
nick faldo remained firmly in control on the third day of the nedbank million dollar challenge following the best nine holes of his life .
the first ## survivors of the doomed italian cruise ship achille lauro were brought into this horn of africa port saturday on board a liberian ship , the <unk> .
another frenchman has been killed in algeria , the french foreign ministry announced saturday , while algerian security officials reported that two gunmen had wounded the publisher of an algerian daily .
the twisted wreckage of the disaster ferry cebu city and a lack of equipment held up the search saturday for more than ### bodies believed trapped inside the vessel after it collided with a singapore freighter .
crews from three us helicopters have boarded and attacked an iraqi water tanker and a tugboat off the coast of southern iraq , iraq charged on saturday .
a retired french teacher has been killed in western algeria and the publisher of an algerian daily wounded saturday in the latest of a series of attacks generally blamed on islamic militants .
separatist serb forces from croatia 's krajina region have agreed to pull out from the besieged un-declared safe area of bihac in northwestern bosnia , un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said here saturday .
separatist serb forces from croatia 's krajina region have agreed to pull out from the besieged un-declared safe area of bihac in northwestern bosnia , un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said here saturday .
sweden won the #### davis cup here on saturday , after a doubles victory by jonas bjorkman and jan appel gave their team an invincible #-# lead over russia in the final .
at least two civilians were killed and ## wounded in rocket attacks on the afghan capital over the past two days in fighting between rival mujahedeen forces , hospital sources said saturday .
crews from three us helicopters have boarded and attacked an iraqi water tanker and a tugboat off the coast of southern iraq , baghdad charged on saturday .
police are to investigate paul merson following the arsenal star 's confession to cocaine addiction a week ago .
a key sicilian mafia boss , suspected of involvement in the car-bomb killing of top anti-mafia investigator giovanni falcone , was arrested here saturday in what police called a `` major '' blow for the cosa nostra .
greg lemond , america 's triple winner of the tour de france , is to formally announce his retirement from cycling on saturday night .
china and hong kong exchanged letters in beijing on saturday establishing a sino-british coordinating committee on cross-border infrastructure projects , the xinhua news agency reported .
the pentagon confirmed saturday that us troops had boarded two iraqi vessels and questioned their crews but described the incidents as routine and asserted that no shots were fired in either .
representatives of rival afghan factions continued indirect peace talks here on saturday amid optimism over prospects for a political settlement to the civil war in their country , iranian sources said .
the former head of iraq 's military intelligence who joined opposition groups in iraqi kurdistan has called for a holy war or jihad to overthrow president saddam hussein .
top cross country skier <unk> <unk> will miss the next three world cup races after undergoing a back operation .
russian lawmakers who returned here saturday from a mediation mission in the breakaway republic of chechnya with two russian soldiers released by chechen authorities demanded the resignation of the head of the fsk federal counter-intelligence service , sergei stepashin .
a moslem militant attack at a red sea resort in september killed four people in total after a second german tourist died from his wounds , a military court here said saturday .
four people were crushed to death and a dozen hurt saturday when guests at a private party in a crowded nightclub here stampeded to escape a brawl that broke out on the dance floor .
nick faldo blew a seven shot lead here saturday in the nedbank million dollar challenge when he could only manage a one over par ## .
us troops have boarded two iraqi ships in gulf waters and held their crews for questioning in a move condemned by baghdad on saturday as a violation of the #### gulf war ceasefire agreement .
achim vogt of liechtenstein won the skiing world cup giant slalom here on saturday , ending his country 's ##-year <unk> in the event .
new zealand slumped to defeat in their one-day cricket match against transvaal here saturday at the hands of pace bowler steven jack .
exiled bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen -- under a death threat from moslem fundamentalists -- left paris to return to stockholm saturday at the end of a ##-day visit to france .
thousands of people attended a rally saturday in berlin to show their support for leaders of the ex-communist party of democratic socialism -lrb- pds -rrb- , on hunger strike since wednesday to protest a tax demand they say could ruin the party .
blackburn rovers maintained their grip on top of the english premiership on saturday as they won #-# at wimbledon .
french yachtswoman isabelle autissier , overall leader in the boc single handed round the world race , was on saturday heading for <unk> island in the southern indian ocean to repair her dismasted yacht .
the ### lawyers defending former christian warlord samir geagea pulled out of his trial saturday after claiming they could not represent him properly while he remained imprisoned in lebanon 's defense ministry .
borussia dortmund 's karlheinz riedle took advantage of werder bremen 's slip to forge a three-point gap at the top of the german bundesliga .
the russian government set up a committee saturday to negotiate an end to the civil war in the breakaway russian republic of chechnya , as three major russian units took up position to intervene , authorities said .
a young woman was killed and ## people were hospitalised by a crush at a nightclub in skopje , macedonia , hospital staff said saturday .
three people were killed and six injured when a grenade exploded during a clash between a group of youths and police outside a discotheque south of here saturday , tanjug news agency reported .
crack government security agents were involved in the overnight commando raid on a russian bank in central moscow to `` seize documents confirming the involvement '' of commercial banks in the ruble 's plunge on october ## , itar-tass news agency reported saturday .
egyptian authorities acknowledged for the first time saturday that the killer of four westerners at a cairo hotel last year was a moslem militant `` terrorist '' and not a madman as they earlier claimed .
twenty-three moslem militants from the outlawed islamic jihad are to go on trial here for allegedly planning to kill a string of senior government officials , judicial officials said saturday .
talks between israel and the plo on palestinian elections , scheduled to resume monday in cairo , have been delayed by a day at israel 's request , chief plo negotiator nabil shaath said saturday .
a senator accused of blocking a probe into the murder of a leader of the ruling institutional revolutionary party -lrb- pri -rrb- was named the new chief of the organization on saturday .
the chairman of the us joint chiefs of staff , general john shalikashvili , arrived here saturday for a visit of several days , airport officials said .
an invasion of hungry rats has stripped the town of <unk> in the hills outside lima of all its food and sent townspeople fleeing , town authorities said saturday .
sweden claimed the #### davis cup title here on saturday following doubles success by jonas bjorkman and jan appel to give their team an invincible #-# lead over russia in the final .
non-league <unk> added another scalp to their long list of fa cup giant-killing victims here on saturday when they beat third division wigan with a goal by chris sharratt against the club that rejected him .
investigating magistrates in milan called saturday for paolo berlusconi , brother of italian premier silvio berlusconi , to appear in court on fresh corruption charges , judicial sources said .
sylvia eder of austria won the first women 's alpine world cup super - giant slalom of the season here on saturday , ahead of compatriot veronika <unk> .
teddy sheringham hit a hat-trick as tottenham dented newcastle 's premiership title hopes with a #-# victory at white hart lane here on saturday to give new manager gerry francis his first victory since taking over from ossie ardiles three weeks ago .
nearly three-fourths of peru 's ## million inhabitants suffer from <unk> as a result of poverty , health officials have said .
sudan is to urge this month 's islamic summit to stand firm against accusations that islamic nations sponsor terrorism and abuse human rights , the al-engaz al-watani daily said saturday , quoting a top official .
israeli police in jerusalem have arrested seven young palestinian christians suspected of stockpiling weapons in order to fight with moslems , police said saturday .
malawi 's president bakili muluzi on saturday ordered his ## ministers to declare their assets by december ## .
the asian olympics committee on saturday announced it was stripping ## chinese athletes of their medals after they took drugs during the asian games in hiroshima .
nearly three billion dollars in illicit funds flows through venezuelan money-laundering fronts annually , the local press saturday quoted a top us embassy official as saying .
austrian sylvia eder won the opening super-giant slalom of the season here on saturday , ending a victory drought on the women 's alpine world cup circuit that had lasted more than ## years .
us envoy charles redman met bosnian prime minister haris silajdzic saturday to reassure him that the us view on how to resolve the bosnian conflict had not changed despite reports to the contrary in the western media , sarajevo radio reported .
egyptian author naguib mahfouz who was stabbed and seriously wounded in a moslem militant attack in october has left hospital and is recovering at home , hospital officials said saturday .
spanish first division pacesetters real madrid and deportivo la coruna had to be satisfied with a share of the points in their away saturday league matches when they both scored #-# draws .
three-times tour de france winner greg lemond made it official on saturday , confirming his retirement from cycling because of a rare muscular disease .
anaclet wamba of france retained his world boxing council -lrb- wbc -rrb- <unk> crown here saturday when he outpointed rugged argentinian opponent marcelo dominguez over twelve bruising rounds in his seventh title defense .
sweden 's helen alfredsson and partner robert gamez shot a seven-under - par ## in best-ball play on saturday to edge one stroke ahead in the jc penney classic .
a un convoy brought desperately-needed supplies to bangladeshi peacekeepers in the embattled bihac pocket in northwest bosnia saturday , a un military source said .
stores selling light industrial products and crafted items have opened for business without state price controls , as cuba enters the latest stage of market liberalization to ease dire economic straits .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic insisted on equal treatment for the bosnian serbs on saturday in a letter to un secretary-general boutros boutros-ghali , un sources here said .
german foreign minister klaus kinkel threatened to resign saturday if his liberal party rules at its congress next week that its members can not be both parliamentarians and ministers .
iraq on saturday urged the un security council to condemn an `` american attack '' against two iraqi ships in gulf waters , the official news agency ina reported .
tiger woods , the us amateur golf champion , was mugged this week at stanford university , where he is a first-year student , the san francisco examiner reported on saturday .
senior officers from ## countries which took part in an <unk> alliance in the #### gulf war began military telecommunications exercises in kuwait on saturday , kuwaiti officers said .
former european champions marseille went back on top of the french second division saturday when they beat visiting saint <unk> #-# .
president boris yeltsin has ordered an inquiry into a commando raid by government security agents in central moscow which had caused `` deep anxiety in public opinion and banking circles , '' his spokesman said .
british foreign secretary douglas hurd and french foreign minister alain juppe were due in belgrade sunday in a last-ditch effort to have the latest peace plan for bosnia accepted by the warring sides .
elizabeth glaser , the anti-aids crusader and wife of actor paul michael glaser who starred in the television series `` starsky and hutch , '' died saturday of the disease , a friend confirmed .
michael johnson , unbeaten since #### over ### meters , was presented the ` jesse owens award ' here friday at the usa track and field convention .
zimbabwe captain andy flower won the toss and decided to bat at the start of the world series one-day game against australia a here sunday .
army troops and paramilitary bangladesh rifles early sunday moved in on thousands of mutinying ansar militiamen , who seized control of two key complexes over the past four days , security sources said .
three-time olympic champion bonnie blair made it a double victory in her favorite ###-metre race at the first round of the world cup speed skating sprint series here sunday .
the coast guard said sunday there was little hope for the ### people still missing in the sinking of the ferry cebu city on friday , though the search was continuing .
china said sunday it would probably be unable to rejoin the general agreement on tariffs and trade -lrb- gatt -rrb- this year because of opposition from the united states .
authorities began evacuating some #,### people from their homes here early sunday ahead of a delicate operation to empty an overturned rail tanker of its dangerous cargo .
european commission head jacques delors increased his lead over prime minister edouard balladur as the favorite to be france 's next president in an opinion poll published sunday .
army troops and paramilitary bangladesh rifles early sunday moved in on thousands of mutinying ansar militiamen , who seized control of two key complexes over the past four days , security sources said .
australia found the scoring form that had eluded them for much of the tournament with a vibrant #-# victory over olympic champions germany to take the bronze medal at hockey 's world cup here sunday .
para-military bangladesh rifles -lrb- bdr -rrb- backed by police and army sunday put down a four-day mutiny of ansar militiamen , who had seized control of two key complexes , security sources said .
a suspected islamic suicide bomber was wounded at the main crossing point into gaza strip from israel on sunday , military officials said .
japan 's economic aid to developing countries is expected to grow less than four percent in fiscal #### , a newspaper said sunday .
a total of ### passengers and crew from the wrecked italian liner achille lauro were due to arrive sunday in djibouti to join ## others from the ship which sank friday in the indian ocean after a fire .
a suspected islamic suicide bomber was seriously wounded when he blew himself up at the main crossing point into the gaza strip from israel on sunday , military officials said .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri left for damascus on sunday for make-or-break talks with syrian leaders on his political fate after his decision to quit the government .
state-run air india has increased its stake in air mauritius -- the national carrier of the indian ocean island -- by #.# percentage points to ## percent , the press trust of india said sunday .
the israeli government opened sunday a major debate on how to proceed to the next stage of palestinian autonomy , two days before negotiations resume with the plo amid growing security fears , officials said .
french motor manufacturer peugeot has returned to south africa after nearly a decade , signing a distribution agreement with south africa 's mccarthy motor holdings , the two companies said in a statement sunday .
three people were shot dead and ## wounded when an automatic weapon was fired on a group of people outside a nightclub in central stockholm early sunday , police said .
iraq on sunday blamed kuwait for hindering efforts to resolve the question of kuwaitis missing since the #### gulf war , one of the obstacles to lifting the un embargo on baghdad .
pakistan won hockey world cup here on sunday , beating holland in the final after a penalty shootout .
china said sunday it would punish the ## chinese athletes that tested positive for banned drugs at the hiroshima asian games in october .
jimmy adams compiled a defiant century to steer the west indies to safety in the second test against india here on sunday .
sri lanka won the toss and elected to field in their one-day international against pakistan for the mandela cup here sunday .
unita members of the joint commission responsible for implementing the angola peace accords signed in lusaka on november ## arrived in luanda sunday .
australia 's a team whipped zimbabwe by five wickets here sunday in the second match of the world series cricket contest .
six persons were taken to the hospital after an explosion in the croatian capital on saturday evening , the zagreb paper vjesnik reported sunday .
mark calcavecchia and greg norman took a back seat here on sunday as unheralded australian anthony gilligan carried off greg norman 's golf classic at royal melbourne .
a ##-year-old dutch woman passenger rescued from the doomed italian liner achille lauro , died overnight aboard the ship taking her to mombasa in kenya , italian coast guard officials said sunday .
three people were shot dead and ## wounded by assailants who opened fire with an automatic weapon on a group of people outside a nightclub in central stockholm early sunday , police said .
israeli foreign ministry officials arrived in amman on sunday to look for a building to house their first embassy in jordan , a jordanian official said .
england 's cricketers breezed to a ###-run victory over the australian capital territory in their one-day game here on sunday .
a total of ### passengers from the doomed italian liner achille lauro which sank in the indian ocean after a fire , arrived in djibouti sunday to join other passengers rescued from the ship .
international table tennis federation -lrb- ittf -rrb- president ichiro <unk> of japan died of lung cancer at a tokyo hospital on sunday , doctors said .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri arrived in damascus sunday for crucial talks with syrian leaders on his decision to quit the government .
american speed skater bonnie blair made a dream start to her final season , winning three of the four world cup races which ended here on sunday .
german foreign minister klaus kinkel , the acting president of the european union council of ministers , has blasted the israelis for what he calls their `` contempt '' for the eu , the weekly magazine der spiegel says in its monday issue .
egypt is banned from exhibiting its unique archeological treasures abroad and has had to cut short a money-spinning display in japan after a court ruling here , legal officials said sunday .
british defense secretary malcolm rifkind plans to meet monday in the croatian city of split with the un commander for bosnia , general michael rose , a defense ministry spokesman said here sunday .
five years after throwing off the shackles of south african rule , namibia is battling to survive economically , weighed down by a burgeoning civil service and allegations of corruption .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri arrived in damascus sunday for make-or-break talks on his political fate after his decision to quit the government .
the european commission has pushed through a ### million dollar bank loan to plo chief yasser arafat 's cash-strapped self-rule authority , chief negotiator nabil shaath said sunday .
voters went to the polls in the first round of slovenia 's municipal elections sunday which promised heavy losses for the coalition 's christian democrats -lrb- cdp -rrb- and could hasten their departure from government .
eintracht frankfurt 's ghanaian skipper and star striker anthony yeboah , plus teammates jay-jay okocha of nigeria and germany 's maurizio gaudino , are facing the sack after going on strike .
chechen opposition leaders are bracing for russia to intervene by mid - december in the tiny oil-rich republic to oust secessionist leader dzhokhar dudayev but several have expressed reservations about such a move .
snow fell on lebanon for the second consecutive day on sunday trapping dozens of motorists in their cars , while heavy rains lashed the capital beirut and coastal cities .
the first rescue ship carrying ### weary evacuees from the cruise liner achille lauro which has gone down in the indian ocean arrived in mombasa at #:## p.m. -lrb- ##:## gmt -rrb- sunday .
scorecard at end of australia <unk> world series one-day game at waca ground here sunday .
yevgeny kafelnikov restored some of russia 's lost pride here on sunday , when he beat swede stefan edberg in their dead singles rubber in the davis cup final .
plo chief yasser arafat is expected to meet jordan 's king hussein soon , but no date has been set yet , palestinian officials said sunday .
ireland is set to have a new government from tuesday , when parliament resumes sitting following the hiatus caused by the november ## resignation of prime minister albert reynolds .
emergency services began removing ## tonnes of a dangerous chemical from an overturned rail tanker here sunday after evacuating some #,### people from their homes .
the un protection force command in sarajevo was engaged in `` on-going discussions '' with serb leaders to ensure the safety of nato warplanes flying over bosnia to implement the un-mandated deny flight operation , a spokesman said sunday .
jordan should remain as the guardian of the moslem holy sites in jerusalem until the palestinian self-rule authority has control of the city , a senior plo official said sunday in the first such remarks .
the death toll in friday 's train crash in <unk> , central hungary , was finalized at ## sunday , with ## people injured , police said , as judicial proceedings for negligence were opened against three railway employees .
a british diplomat had a narrow escape on the gaza strip when israeli soldiers opened fire on his car , military officials said sunday .
malaysia on sunday blasted russia for vetoing a un security council draft resolution blocking fuel supplies to rebel serbs , who have launched an offensive on bosnian government forces at bihac in bosnia - hercegovina .
the first rescue ship carrying ### weary evacuees from the ill-fated achille lauro arrived in mombasa around #### gmt on sunday , port officials said .
world boxing council -lrb- wbc -rrb- bantamweight champion yasuei yakushiji outpointed joichiro tatsuyoshi to retain the title for the third time in an <unk> bout here sunday .
us ground forces sent to kuwait in october after an iraqi troop build - up on its border will all be home by christmas with ### flying out daily from the emirate , a us military official said sunday .
british foreign secretary douglas hurd and french foreign minister alain juppe were due in belgrade sunday in a last-ditch effort to have the latest peace plan for bosnia accepted by the warring sides .
scoreboard in the mandela trophy international quadrangular series cricket match between sri lanka and pakistan here sunday .
about ##,### people turned out sunday to demonstrate their support for prime minister silvio berlusconi and his rightwing coalition government .
residents of the <unk> town of datu <unk> in the southern philippine province of maguindanao have targetted homosexuals , blaming them for bringing down two tornadoes on the town last month , newspapers said here sunday .
afghanistan wants a trial of former communist president najibullah who was overthrown by mujahedeen forces here more than two years ago , an official spokesman said here sunday .
china hopes to bring in an average of ## billion dollars in foreign investment a year from now until the end of the century , a government official said sunday .
the first museum in europe devoted to examining the international slave trade has opened here , almost two centuries after the trade in human beings was abolished in britain .
the debt-ridden zambia airways has been liquidated and its #,### workers laid off with immediate effect , zambia 's vice president godfrey miyanda announced .
police launched a series charges against groups of brawling football supporters on sunday , as fighting broke out in turin before juventus ' home match against fiorentina .
rival armed factions are turning the gaza strip into another lebanon , israel 's military intelligence chief general uri <unk> told the cabinet on sunday .
up to ###,### people turned out sunday in addis ababa to protest ethiopian president meles zenawi 's decision to allow ethnic groups to secede from ethiopia .
a train smashed into a minibus on sunday killing ## egyptian policemen when a railway worker failed to close the gates at a level-crossing because he fell asleep , the interior ministry said here .
the cambodian government has agreed to a recent suggestion by king norodom sihanouk to grant amnesty to general sin sen , sentenced to ## years in prison for his involvement in a failed coup d'etat .
khartoum international airport is being shut down for ## hours a day for about a month for maintenance , the civil aviation director general abdalla <unk> <unk> was sunday quoted by al engaz al watani daily as saying .
an islamic suicide bomber was wounded when he tried to blow himself up at the main crossing point into the gaza strip from israel on sunday , army officials said .
the remains of a bangladeshi peacekeeper who died of a heart attack on friday in bihac , north-west bosnia , were to be taken to zagreb sunday , paul risley , <unk> protection force -lrb- unprofor -rrb- spokesman said .
the united states will act quickly to snuff out any threat from iraq , us joint chief-of-staff general john shalikashvili said here sunday .
an off-form alberto tomba still proved too much for his competition when he easily won he world cup slalom here on sunday to go top of the alpine skiing standings .
nick faldo of england won the nedbank million dollar challenge with a final round of ## here sunday for an overall ## under par ### .
the swiss overwhelmingly backed giving police new powers to crack down on illegal immigrants to the country , or those seeking political asylum , according to first official estimates of a referendum .
a million and a half italians went to the polls sunday for the second round of partial municipal elections in a fresh test for embattled prime minister silvio berlusconi .
a british convoy detained by bosnian serbs for almost a week was allowed sunday to proceed to its destination in eastern bosnia , a un protection force spokesman said .
british foreign secretary douglas hurd and french foreign minister alain juppe arrived in belgrade sunday in a last-ditch effort to have the latest peace plan for bosnia accepted by the warring sides .
an islamic suicide bomber wounded himself with a home-made nail bomb at the main crossing point into the gaza strip from israel on sunday , army officials said .
voters went to the polls in the first round of slovenia 's municipal elections sunday which promised heavy losses for the coalition 's christian democrats -lrb- cdp -rrb- and could hasten their departure from government .
prime minister haris silajdzic said sunday there could be no changes made in the peace plan drawn up by the international `` contact group '' on bosnia and called for sanctions to be maintained against belgrade .
armed nationalists in the northern caucasus sunday pledged support to the people of chechnya , should russian troops invade the secessionist russian republic .
the incoming speaker of the house of representatives said sunday the united nations had proven itself an incompetent body and said the united states should radically alter its involvement it .
scoreboard in the mandela trophy international quadrangular series cricket match between sri lanka and pakistan here sunday .
libyan national ali omar mansur has been held for questioning here in connection with the #### bombing of a french dc-## airliner which crashed in the sahara desert with the loss of ### lives , officials said sunday .
striker gianluca vialli sparked off an emphatic juventus turnaround as they beat fiorentina #-# on sunday to keep within a point of leaders parma .
australia scored ## tries without reply , crushing france ##-# here sunday -- a rugby league test record .
fierce fighting was raging sunday between croatian serbs backed by rebel moslem leader fikret abdic and the mainly-moslem bosnian army around abdic 's former stronghold of velika kladusa in the bihac pocket , an un protection force spokesman said here .
fire swept through a retirement home over the weekend , killing one resident and injuring a dozen others , police said sunday .
pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto has denied leading a `` witchhunt '' against her political opponents and said moves against the family of former premier nawaz sharif were part of pakistan 's fight against corruption .
pakistan cruised to victory over sri lanka by ## runs in the mandela trophy international quadrangular series cricket match here sunday , the world champion 's second victory over sri lanka in three days .
british foreign secretary douglas hurd and french foreign minister alain juppe arrived in belgrade sunday in a last-ditch effort to revive the bosnian peace process .
unidentified gunmen here sunday shot dead a senior journalist who belonged to a moslem fundamentalist party , the official associated press of pakistan -lrb- app -rrb- said .
a delegation of israeli arab municipal leaders , the first such group to visit qatar , discussed their work with qatari foreign minister hamad ibn jassem al-thani here sunday , the official news agency qna reported .
tanzanian president ali hassan mwinyi dissolved the tanzanian government sunday , a presidential spokesman said .
on the eve of a watershed summit of the conference on security and cooperation in europe -lrb- csce -rrb- , austrian president thomas klestil said here sunday he backed the idea of beefing up europe 's security forum .
the bosnian army should continue its resistance to the serbs , ejup ganic , vice-president of the moslem-croat federation , said here sunday .
les ferdinand and trevor sinclair pushed west ham nearer relegation danger with goals in a #-# home win over their london rivals on sunday .
the un 's peacebroker for angola alioune blondin beye left the angolan capital luanda on sunday to present a report on the angolan peace process to un secretary-general boutros boutros-ghali .
a group of mercenaries including two australians and four renegade papua new guinea -lrb- png -rrb- soldiers are operating in the solomon islands , according to prime minister solomon mamaloni .
serbian strongman slobodan milosevic welcomed sunday a plan to link secessionist bosnian serbs and belgrade through confederation as the best way to secure rebel serb agreement to a bosnia peace accord .
a van in the motorcade accompanying president bill clinton into the white house grounds was damaged sunday when a metal security post popped out of the ground without warning as the vehicle drove over it .
up to ## people were killed in northern burundi overnight thursday in an attack using grenades and assault rifles , national radio said sunday , increasing fears of unrest in the central african nation .
president ali hassan mwinyi dissolved the tanzanian government sunday , a presidential spokesman said in a terse announcement .
serbian strongman slobodan milosevic sunday welcomed a plan to link secessionist bosnian serbs and belgrade through confederation as the best way to get the serbs to accept a peace accord , but he made no pledge to pressure them into doing so .
prime minister silvio berlusconi suffered another setback sunday as leftist and christian democrat candidates won mayoral posts in five of the six largest cities holding run-off municipal elections , an exit poll showed .
hungary 's social affairs ministery revised the death toll in a train accident back to ## late sunday , saying reports of the discovery of two more bodies were wrong .
suspected islamic militants shot and killed a policeman sunday in the troubled southern egyptian province of minya , police said .
south africa 's <unk> <unk> won the first african marathon championship here sunday when he clocked #hrs ##mins ##secs to beat abbas mohamed of nigeria -lrb- #:##.## -rrb- into second place .
heidi zeller-baehler of switzerland won the giant slalom here on sunday to boost her lead in the overall standings of the women 's alpine world cup .
syrian officials tried to persuade lebanese prime minister rafic hariri to reconsider his decision to step down in talks here sunday , one of his aides said .
three tribesmen were killed and ## others wounded in clashes between two clans locked in a land dispute in northern yemen , tribal leaders in the region said sunday .
an argentine warship sunday nabbed a <unk> fishing vessel for operating in argentine territorial waters after a ##-hour chase and firing warning shots , officials said .
president bill clinton departed sunday for the ninth summit of the conference on security and cooperation in europe -lrb- csce -rrb- to be held monday and tuesday in budapest .
switzerland 's heidi zeller-baehler bounced back from third place in the first leg to win a giant slalom here sunday , her second victory on women 's alpine world cup circuit this year .
charges of corruption among veteran political figures have rocked lebanon in the past few days , plunging the country into its darkest period since the end of the ##-year civil war .
the dollar opened higher at ###.## yen in tokyo on monday , up #.## yen from the previous trading day 's finish of ##.## yen .
voters in slovenia showed their dissatisfaction with the christian democrats in municipal elections sunday , preferring the party 's left - wing partners in the ruling coalition , the parliamentary election commission said .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on monday , with the nikkei stock average rising ###.## points , or one percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
divers seeking to establish why the car-ferry estonia sank in the baltic in september with the death of ### passengers failed to find the bridge computer when they visited the wreck sunday , the swedish maritime affairs directorate said .
spain 's marta <unk> and american brad bryant won the <unk> tours classic with a par at the fourth play-off hole on sunday , beating sweden 's helen <unk> and robert gamez .
a gunman who went on a wild shooting rampage , killing two people here early monday , was himself shot dead by police marksmen , a police spokesman said .
michael jordan may be playing minor league baseball instead of top flight basketball these days -- but thanks to ##-million-dollars ' worth of endorsements he still tops forbes magazine 's list of top sports earners in #### .
the number of job advertisements in australian newspapers climbed a seasonally adjusted #.# percent in november , the australia and new zealand banking group -lrb- anz -rrb- announced monday .
embattled zimbabwe have received another body blow -- a back injury to experienced fast-bowler <unk> brandes .
china 's tourist revenue is expected to top seven billion dollars this year , up ## percent on #### , amid a record influx of foreign travellers , xinhua said monday .
the taipei bourse monday jumped across the board in reaction to the ruling kuomintang party winning the powerful position of taiwan province governor over the <unk> , dealers said .
tuvalu , one of the world 's smallest states and a former colony of britain , is so disgusted at the treatment it now receives from london that it is to strike the union jack from its flag and will probably end up dumping queen elizabeth ii as head of state , prime minister <unk> <unk> said monday .
new zealand mps are calling for a review of a privacy act which came into effect earlier this year and which has seen one school refuse to give school report cards to parents without their children 's consent .
the solomon islands , scene of some of world war ii 's bloodiest battles between americans and japanese , is now considering building its own military force as a result of a conflict across its northern border .
south korea 's supreme court ruled on monday in favor of the showing of hollywood films here , which may signal an end to a sometimes violent five-year battle between us and korean film distributors , court authorities said .
sanctions will be taken in `` one or two days '' against people implicated in the asian games drug scandal involving ## chinese athletes , yuan jiawei , vice-president of the chinese swimming federation , said monday .
a ##-year-old gunman killed two people on a rampage here early monday and was later shot dead after taunting police to kill him , police said .
eleven employees of the state metals and mining holding company were killed sunday when their bus plunged off a bridge and burst into flames , the official news agency venpres reported .
the dallas cowboys , trying to become the first national football league team to win three straight super bowls , secured the national conference east title and a playoff berth on sunday .
defying death threats from maoist guerrillas , thousands began voting monday in the final phase of crucial indian elections in prime minister p.v. narasimha rao 's home state , officials said .
most british firms are unlikely to move out of hong kong before beijing 's takeover of the territory in #### in view of huge potential profits to be reaped from china 's growing economy , a china-owned monthly magazine said here monday .
a hong kong firm has opened what it hopes will become the largest monkey business in the world -- a farm breeding ##,### primates for export from vietnam to laboratories across the world , a report said monday .
us president bill clinton welcomed showbusiness stars kirk douglas , aretha franklin , morton gould , harold prince and pete seeger to the white house late sunday before they were presented with the prestigious kennedy center awards .
china welcomed monday ukraine 's decision to renounce its nuclear status and gave assurances that beijing would never use its own nuclear arsenal to threaten the former soviet republic .
new zealand 's government decided monday it will not exempt major international sports and motor rally events from the country 's tough anti-tobacco sponsorship law .
the dollar advanced in tokyo on monday to close at ###.## yen , up #.## yen from friday 's finish here of ##.## yen , and little changed from new york 's late friday quote of ###.## yen .
share prices rallied monday on the tokyo stock exchange , led by futures-linked buying as investors were encouraged by the dollar 's advance above ### yen .
recession or major shocks affecting economic growth among members of the organisation for economic co-operation and development -lrb- oecd -rrb- are possible for the rest of the decade , australia 's foreign affairs and trade department warned monday .
navy frogmen have cut their way into the sunken wreck of a ferry which sank here friday in search of the bodies of more than ### people killed when the ferry collided with another ship outside manila bay .
israeli troops bricked up overnight the family home of a palestinian who murdered a ##-year-old woman soldier with an axe , military officials said .
shanghai 's treasury bond market charted record volume as investors moved their money from shares to bonds to take advantage of rising interest rates , a newspaper reported monday .
the rand opened weaker against the dollar in lethargic trade here monday , at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback against #.#### \/ ## at close on friday .
zimbabwe has closed its ##-year-old diplomatic mission in algeria because of poor trade and economic relations between the two nations , a local daily reported monday .
israel 's longest-serving prisoner has died after ## years and five weeks in jail for refusing to grant his wife a divorce , the authorities announced monday .
the dollar hovered above the ### yen monday in tokyo , inheriting its strength from overseas markets where the currency rose above that level for the first time in two months .
israel 's longest-serving prisoner has died after ## years and five weeks in jail for refusing to grant his wife a divorce , the authorities announced monday .
the dollar hovered above the ### yen point in tokyo on monday , drawing strength from its firmness on overseas markets where it had risen above ### yen for the first time for two months .
officials and team doctors implicated in the asian games drug scandal involving ## chinese athletes face disciplinary measures .
indian captain mohammad azharuddin has given his bowlers a minimum of ## overs to bowl out the west indies and win the second test here monday .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi 's forza italia party came in fourth in italian municipal elections with #.# percent of the vote , the interior ministry said .
hong kong stock prices rebounded nearly one percent on bargain hunting after four successive sessions of losses and the key hang seng index gained ##.## points to close at #,###.## on monday .
a rightwing new party has emerged in taiwan as a powerful third force following key elections at the weekend in which it drew a lot of support in the capital .
cable and wireless -lrb- c and w -rrb- is to shed #,### jobs in its subsidiary mercury by the end of #### , c and w said on monday .
former chinese dissident leader wang dan filed a suit monday against the beijing public security bureau -lrb- psb -rrb- for alleged police harassment and damage to his reputation .
kidder peabody international corp. of the united states announced monday plans to liquidate its tokyo and osaka branches and sell its memberships of japan 's two main stock exchanges .
us treasury secretary lloyd bentsen wants to resign to return to business , the wall street journal newspaper reported here on monday , quoting government officials whom it did not identify .
taiwan voters took a measured step towards multi-party democracy in landmark elections over the weekend , analysts said monday .
mark waugh is expected to play for australia in tuesday 's day-night international one-day cricket match against england here , skipper mark taylor said monday .
the lebanese central bank on monday intervened for a second time to prop up the pound in the face of uncertainty caused by prime minister rafic hariri 's resignation announcement , bank sources said .
two people were killed and three others injured in a helicopter crash in the russian urals republic of <unk> , the interfax news agency reported monday .
the separatist leaders of chechnya agreed monday to begin talks with moscow but said they would not yield on independence for their breakaway russian republic .
sweden 's davis cup victory over russia last weekend was apparently achieved against a background of <unk> in-fighting .
italians sent a clear message of discontent this weekend to prime minister silvio berlusconi 's forza italia party which came in fourth in <unk> elections with merely #.# percent of the vote , according to final results released by the interior ministry monday .
norway registered a current account surplus of ##.# billion kroner -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- for the period january-september , the norwegian central statistics bureau announced on monday .
the ruble fell to #,### to the dollar here on monday from #,### on friday .
steffi graf will defend her australian open tennis crown here next month despite being plagued by a back problem , tournament director paul mcnamee said monday .
the trial of a bosnian serb accused of genocide in former yugoslavia resumed here monday after a six-week adjournment following contradictions in witness testimony .
hong kong 's government announced monday it would hold controversial legislative elections on september ## next year , despite china 's vows to dismantle the body after the takeover in #### .
portuguese author and playwright virgilio martinho died sunday at the age of ## after a long illness , his family announced monday .
a top monetary official of the bank of france warned the government on monday that it must reduce the budget deficit because long-term rates were rising with recovery .
us president bill clinton monday called on bosnian serbs to accept a ceasefire and resume peace talks on the basis of an international `` contact group '' plan .
an influential moslem group called on monday for a general strike here to protest the razing of a ##th century mosque by hindu fanatics in the indian town of ayodhya two years ago .
an islamic militant was killed on monday after a five-hour gunbattle with security forces in the asyut region of southern egypt , police said .
share prices rose here in early trading on monday , boosted by wall street 's positive performance on friday , although dealers remained worried by the prospects of a rise in british interest rates .
britain 's narrowly-defined m# money supply rose by #.# percent in november from the figure for october and by #.# percent since november #### , bank of england statistics showed on monday .
norway 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- fell by #.# percent in the third quarter from the figure for the previous quarter , the norwegian central statistics bureau announced on monday .
a libyan national held for questioning here in connection with the #### bombing of a french dc-## airliner will be freed on monday , interior ministry sources said here .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri , facing heavy syrian pressure to reverse a decision to resign , was to meet president hafez al-assad on monday , officials said .
european union finance ministers were set monday to pave the way for the possible creation of a single currency as early as #### but ordinary europeans remained unconvinced .
a member of the french parliament , considered to be close to prime minister edouard balladur , criticised <unk> visions of europe limited to the creation of a single currency , on monday .
the separatist leaders of chechnya agreed monday to begin talks with moscow but said they would not yield on independence for their breakaway russian republic .
a single currency could be born in the european union in #### , the earliest date envisaged under the maastricht treaty , the governor of the bank of france , jean-claude trichet , said here on monday .
china needs to make further improvements to its financial system , especially in terms of standardising inter-bank business and the country 's bond and stock markets , a top banking official said monday .
us president bill clinton called monday on the serb forces of bosnia - hercegovina to lay down their arms , return to the negotiating table and talk peace on the basis of a five-power peace plan for the war - ravaged former yugoslav republic .
international financial firm j.p. morgan securities said monday it had acquired a seat on the stock exchange of hong kong , allowing it to trade local stocks directly .
microsoft chairman bill gates on monday donated the us company 's `` source code '' for window nt -lrb- network terminal -rrb- to south korean <unk> , officials said .
the dollar remained generally firm against other currencies in early trading on monday , conserving most of the gains made on friday 's lower-than-expected us november unemployment figures , dealers said .
the following is a tabulation of the final official results , released monday , of the second round of sunday 's italian municipal elections , which involved #.# million of the ## million electorate .
a new israeli group warned monday of the threat of jerusalem turning into another troublespot like hebron as negotiations with the palestinians approach on the disputed holy city .
ukraine signed the nuclear non-proliferation treaty -lrb- npt -rrb- monday in exchange for guarantees on its security from the united states , russia and britain .
there could be some biting items under the christmas tree this year if the main local authority here gets its yuletide wish .
three senior south african police officers are currently on a week - long visit to paris at the invitation of the french international technical cooperation department of police -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , the french embassy here said monday .
two chinese lesbians committed suicide in northeastern heilongjiang province by injecting themselves with poison after one planned to get married , a report seen monday said .
vietnam and belgium have signed a number of agreements that would increase belgian assistance to hanoi , while paving the way for greater bilateral trade and industrial cooperation , officials said monday .
varta <unk> ag of germany and the us group duracell have won a contract worth ## million dollars to develop lithium batteries for electric cars , varta said on monday .
the british pharmaceuticals laboratory medeva on monday announced it has agreed to buy the us anaesthetics group <unk> pharmaceuticals for up to ## million dollars .
us joint chief-of-staff general john shalikashvili started a two-day visit to israel on monday to discuss security arrangements in case the jewish state withdraws from the golan in a peace deal with syria .
the government monday backed king norodom sihanouk 's proposal to cremate bones and skulls currently on display in a phnom penh museum as part of an exhibition on khmer rouge atrocities .
swedish police monday identified two suspects in a <unk> attack which killed three people and injured ## outside a nightclub in stockholm early on sunday .
desperate world cup organisers turned to french resort tignes yet again here on monday to save their men 's alpine skiing program .
nigerian doctors on monday warned that jailed , ailing opposition leader moshood abiola must undergo urgent medical treatment or face permanent neurological damage `` or death '' .
morocco officially invited president ali akbar hashemi rafsanjani on monday to a summit of the organisation of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- in casablanca next week , iran 's state-run radio said .
the start i disarmament treaty , providing for cuts of one third in the long-range nuclear armaments of the former soviet union and the united states , officially came into force here monday .
the chef and brewer pub chain , and the diversification into the center parks permanent sunshine leisure complexes , helped brewer scottish and newcastle to report an increase of ##.# percent in interim profits on monday .
the dutch group royal pakhoed has agreed in principle to buy the independent french distributor of chemical products lambert riviere , a company statement said on monday .
england will include at least two international limited-overs rookies in their side for the one-day cricket match against australia at the sydney cricket ground here on tuesday .
the british and french foreign ministers on monday held talks here with croatian president franjo tudjman , diplomats said .
prince bernhard of the netherlands has contracted pneumonia for the second time since he underwent an operation last week , the dutch government said monday .
at least ## people , including three security personnel , died in renewed fighting in sri lanka 's embattled northern and eastern regions over the weekend , officials here said monday .
nato secretary general willy claes welcomed monday ukraine 's accession to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty -lrb- npt -rrb- saying it was an important step toward furthering international security and stability .
at least five people died and seven were injured monday in a multiple motorway pile-up involving nearly ## vehicles , police said .
israel 's chief autonomy negotiator general danny rothschild resigned monday , army officials said , in a surprise announcement .
voters in india defied death threats from maoist guerrillas monday to cast their ballots in the final phase of key elections in prime minister p.v. narasimha rao 's home state , officials said .
a drastic revamp of south korea 's government structure will be widened to include the defense , foreign , justice and labor ministries , the ministry of government administration said monday .
israel 's chief autonomy negotiator general danny rothschild resigned on monday , army officials said , in a surprise announcement .
syrian president hafez al-assad on monday met lebanon 's prime minister rafic hariri in a bid to persuade him to reverse his decision to resign .
ambassadors from nations belonging to nato and its european pillar the western european union -lrb- weu -rrb- are to meet in brussels on tuesday to consider developments in bosnia , diplomatic sources said monday .
bosnian president alija izetbegovic on monday delivered a stinging attack on the west , singling out us defense secretary william perry in particular for having said the bosnian serbs had won the war .
the lebanese central bank on monday sold another ### million us dollars to prop up the pound in the face of uncertainty caused by prime minister rafic hariri 's resignation announcement , bank officials said .
the bank of france withdrew #.# billion francs -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- from the banking system at an unchanged rate of #.# percent under an ordinary tender arrangement on monday .
fierce fighting was reported monday to the east of the bihac pocket as serb separatists launched an offensive on the town of bosanska krupa , un spokesmen and local radio stations said .
two senior russian ministers and the counter-espionage chief flew monday to a major russian military base where russian forces have been building up close to the frontier with breakaway chechnya , itar-tass news agency reported .
the london stock market overcame early morning hesitation on monday to score a moderate gain by the noon-hour , encouraged by wall street 's sizable gain on friday , traders said .
an ethiopian armed with a grenade hijacked a small aircraft from somalia to southern yemen on monday , before giving himself up , the interior ministry said .
technical hitches monday delayed publication of results of slovenia 's first municipal poll since independence after the main computer monitoring the count broke down , state radio reported .
more than ### passengers and crew from the doomed italian cruise liner achille lauro , which sank in the indian ocean last friday , arrived from djibouti at rome 's fiumicino airport on monday , the airport said .
the philippines ' economic growth will slow down in the last quarter of #### , economic planning secretary cielito habito said here monday .
the president of eastern ethiopia 's troubled ogaden region , abdulrahman mohamed kani , has been deposed for `` <unk> incompetence '' , national radio announced monday .
the turkish ##-month inflation rate in november hit ###.# percent , the national statistics institute announced on monday .
british defense secretary malcolm rifkind arrived in the croatian port city of split on monday for talks with the commander of un forces in bosnia general michael rose , croatian radio reports said .
opec 's crude oil production rose by ###,### barrels a day -lrb- b\/d -rrb- in november , compared to the previous month , mainly because of an increase in iran 's output , the middle east economic survey -lrb- mees -rrb- said monday .
customs officials in southern sweden have seized one kilo of heroin and ## kilos of amphetamines , worth between ## and ## million kronor -lrb- between #.# and #.# million dollars -rrb- , officials said monday .
the australian economy is still growing strongly , expanding by a real #.# percent over the year to the end of september , and looks set to grow at an above average rate in #### , british broker james capel predicted monday .
weekend violence claimed ## lives in separate incidents in south africa 's eastern kwazulu-natal province , largely populated by zulus , police stated on monday .
german president roman herzog explained monday he had deliberately chosen israel as the venue of his first non-european official visit since his election in july as he prepared to begin a two-day visit .
at least ## passengers drowned when a small but over-crowded ferry <unk> in flood-ravaged eastern sri lanka monday , local officials said .
medical experts masterminded the doping scandal involving ## chinese athletes in the asia games in october , a senior medical official of the olympic council of asia -lrb- oca -rrb- said monday .
new zealand 's government decided monday it will not exempt major international sports and motor rally events from the country 's anti- tobacco advertising laws .
israel 's chief autonomy negotiator general danny rothschild resigned monday on the eve of the start of talks with the plo on the next phase of self-rule , the army said .
us secretary of state warren christopher will hold talks with plo chairman yasser arafat in gaza city on wednesday during a peace shuttle to the middle east , diplomats said .
the lebanese central bank sold another ### million us dollars on monday to prop up the pound in the face of uncertainty caused by prime minister rafic hariri 's resignation announcement , bank officials said .
taiwan and the united states pledged closer economic ties on monday , as well as signing an aerospace and a computer accord , during only the second visit here of a senior us government official in ## years .
tibet 's exiled spiritual leader the dalai lama held a `` historic '' meeting with a senior french moslem leader on monday and pledged to foster fraternal relations between their two communities .
thousands of mourners paid tribute monday to slain algerian editor said <unk> , who was shot to death over the weekend by suspected moslem extremists .
a nigerian senior diplomat and retired general , joseph garba , has founded a new political movement , despite a ban on all political activity by the junta , the magazine the news reported monday .
a kuwaiti woman was jailed for three years and four months by an appeal court here for beating her maid to death , the daily al-qabas reported on monday .
new home sales were up #.# percent in october , the commerce department said monday .
china and the united states resumed negotiations in geneva on monday to try to resolve a dangerous impasse on china 's return to the general agreement on tariffs and trade -lrb- gatt -rrb- .
britain 's governing conservative party accused the chief opposition group monday of `` undermining the very fabric '' of the country 's constitution by suggesting that the monarchy needed to be reformed to resemble more closely scandinavian royalty .
swedish pharmaceutical group pharmacia will expand its facilities for cancer research in lund , southern sweden , at a cost of ### million kronor -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- , pharmacia announced monday .
the republican party monday named newt gingrich to the top position in the house of representatives which they will control for the first time ## years .
president saddam hussein has ordered the repayment of millions of dollars worth of investments to iraqis duped out of their savings by bogus finance companies , newspapers reported monday .
congolese policemen shot dead a wounded militiaman of the ruling party who was in the brazzaville central hospital for treatment after a gun battle , witnesses said monday .
world number one pete sampras will try to put one of his biggest nightmares of #### behind him on tuesday in his opening revenge match at the # million dollar grand slam cup .
more than ## clandestine immigrants , mostly kurds and albanians , were detained in southern italy overnight , immigration services announced here monday .
the jewish settlements in the occupied territories are a `` military disaster '' , prime minister yitzhak rabin said monday .
prime minister rafic hariri on monday headed back to lebanon with no word on whether syrian president hafez al-assad had persuaded him to reverse his decision to resign .
last minute differences between russia and azerbaijan were holding up agreement at the conference on security and cooperation in europe here on a peace-keeping force for nagorno-karabakh , russian officials said .
wall street prices were up in early trading monday boosted by good employment figures .
jordan on monday urged the international community to contain the conflict in bosnia and said a withdrawal of un peacekeeping troops would have `` disastrous '' consequences .
the greek monitoring committee of the helsinki human rights accords on monday deplored a six-month jail term handed down to a defrocked priest for continuing to wear priest 's clothing .
european union finance ministers agreed monday on extending ## million ecus -lrb- about ### million dollars -rrb- of macro economic aid to ukraine to consolidate the reform program launched by president leonid kuchma , eu officials said .
the hungarian parliament unanimously ratified monday the partnership for peace -lrb- pfp -rrb- agreement signed in february with nato , official sources said .
candidates representing the islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- won ##.## percent of the student union votes at the islamic university , a gaza stronghold of the radical group .
south african president nelson mandela will meet his namibian counterpart sam nujoma on tuesday , the eve of namibia 's first elections since independence , mandela 's spokesman said monday .
united states president bill clinton and german chancellor helmut kohl called monday for the opening of corridors into the besieged moslem enclave of bihac in northwest bosnia to allow aid to be brought in .
sixteen islamic militants are to go on trial tuesday for their alleged involvement in the attempted murder of egypt 's best-known author naguib mahfouz , the official news agency mena reported monday .
interpol have asked bulgarian police to investigate a possible attempt by olympique marseille to fix a european cup match with cska sofia in #### .
greek consumer prices rose by #.# percent in november from october and were up by ## percent year on year , the national statistics agency announced in athens on monday .
the dollar weakened against other major currencies except the pound sterling here early monday in a calm market marked by strong resistance at the <unk> mark level that sparked a selloff .
prime minister john major warned monday britain would have to withdraw its troops from bosnia if they faced unacceptable risks or were unable to do their humanitarian and peacekeeping job .
the paris bourse suffered a moderate loss on monday as the cac ## index finished at #,###.## points , down #.## percent from the friday close .
israel has granted citizenship to ### palestinian collaborators and their families , police said monday .
former russian premier yegor gaidar on monday invited president boris yeltsin to sack defense minister pavel grachev and key negotiators for mishandling the chechen rebellion .
a libyan national held for questioning here in connection with the #### bombing of a french dc-## airliner was freed on monday , police said .
two us senators will hold talks on a us nuclear agreement with north korea in pyongyang december ##-## , returning to seoul on the first us military flight into north korea since the end of the korean war in #### , their spokesmen said monday .
the italian transport minister <unk> fiori announced monday the setting up of a committee of enquiry into the sinking of the italian cruise liner achille lauro in the indian ocean following a fire .
jordan 's deputy prime minister , <unk> <unk> , tendered his resignation monday in protest at the government 's economic and social policies since it signed peace with israel , officials said .
british telecommunications group cable and wireless -lrb- cw -rrb- said monday its subsidiary mercury communications will cut #,### jobs by december #### in a bid to improve its position in an increasingly competitive market .
the trial of a bosnian serb accused of genocide in former yugoslavia resumed here monday after a six-week adjournment following contradictions in witness testimony .
the london stock market scored a moderate advance on monday as the footsie index gained ##.# points on the day to end at #,###.# points .
the labor party suspended monday talks on forming a coalition with fianna fail party , in a fresh row over a controversial legal appointment which marked a fresh setback to attempts to form a new government .
defense minister pavel grachev admitted monday that russian warplanes bombed airports in chechnya last week , news agencies said .
a french cartoonist was sacked monday over a `` politically incorrect '' strip concerning aids and homosexuals published last week on world aids day , officials said .
presidents bill clinton of the united states and hafez al-assad of syria discussed an upcoming middle east tour by us secretary of state warren christopher , syria 's official sana news agency reported monday .
a japanese toymaker monday paid a world record ###,### pounds -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- for a <unk> , ##-year-old mohair teddy bear that belonged to the estate of a senior british army officer .
italian prosecutor antonio di pietro began his final plea to the court in the enimont trial on monday , the most spectacular one to date in italy 's long-running `` clean hands '' corruption saga .
with the exception of nickel , which soared ## dollars to #,### dollars per tonne -- a high since may #### -- metals closed lower on the london metal exchange -lrb- lme -rrb- in a period of technical consolidation , dealers said monday .
north sea brent crude oil was hit by a bout of weakness monday afternoon on the london market , dipping briefly below the ##-dollar level to ##.## dollars a barrel for january delivery before rallying to ##.## dollars in late afternoon .
a video cassette of jonas savimbi , the leader of the rebel unita movement in angola , made available to reporters in the angolan capital luanda on monday shows that he was alive and in good health as recently as october .
three policemen were killed and three others injured in a freak crash between their van and a lorry at roissy airport north of paris , officials said monday .
treasury secretary lloyd bentsen plans to resign early next year and return to texas to go into business , administration officials said monday , but bentsen said the reports were premature .
a portrait of nazi war criminal herman goering , stashed away for nearly ## years , was to be auctioned in ludlow in the english midlands on tuesday .
nearly ## years after they split up , the beatles have once again roared into the top position in the british charts , only four days after their double album `` live at the bbc '' was released .
french president francois mitterrand issued sharply worded criticism of washington monday over us policy in bosnia and its support for rapid expansion of nato membership despite russian opposition .
european union finance ministers agreed monday on extending ## million ecus -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in balance of payments assistance to ukraine to consolidate the reform program launched by president leonid kuchma , eu officials said .
bankers trust new york corp. said monday it had reached an agreement with the new york banking authorities to tighten controls on its derivatives trading .
the trial of a bosnian serb accused of being a party to genocide in the former yugoslavia resumed here monday after a six-week adjournment and at the end of the day was again adjourned , this time for a week .
israel 's chief autonomy negotiator general danny rothschild said his resignation monday on the eve of the start of autonomy talks with the plo was motivated by personal reasons .
the dollar generally eased on monday on the london foreign exchange market in what forex traders called a `` technical correction '' in the wake of friday 's strong rise , while sterling was lower against all other major currencies .
the world bank said here monday it is prepared to provide one billion dollars in loans annually to help arab countries confront an environment crisis .
defense minister pavel grachev admitted monday that russian warplanes had bombed chechnya last week and warned that if peace talks fail , moscow could use force to resolve the crisis in the republic , news agencies said .
an ethiopian former army officer hijacked a small aircraft from somalia to southern yemen on monday before giving himself up , officials said .
the dollar weakened against other major currencies except the pound sterling here at midday monday in quiet trading dominated by profit taking after last friday 's gains .
koninklijke ahold supermarket chain said monday its net profit rose in the third quarter to ##.# million guilders -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- , up ##.# percent from ##.# million guilders in the same quarter last year .
a new york appeals court upheld a ruling that forces the japanese company nintendo to pay ### million dollars to the now-bankrupt us firm <unk> computer corp for counterfeiting .
credito <unk> bank -lrb- `` rolo '' -rrb- said monday it had not yet accepted a takeover bid made by credito italiano , although it considered the offer positive .
a man who pulled his children from school because their teachers dressed up as witches for halloween lost his supreme court case monday .
bosnian serbs should consider accepting the `` contact group '' peace plan for bosnia , a delegation from the rebel serb parliament said here monday during the first official talks with belgrade in four months .
doctors ordered former vice president dan quayle to remain hospitalized monday , though he had been scheduled to be released after after spending a week for blood clots in his lungs .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali has recommended changes in the current system of safe areas in bosnia and proposed measures leading to their total demilitarization .
the world bank said here monday it is prepared to provide one billion dollars in loans annually to help arab countries confront an environment crisis .
a libyan national held for questioning here in connection with the #### bombing of a french dc-## airliner was freed on monday after detectives failed to find grounds to charge him , officials said .
german tennis star michael stich deposited ###,#### german marks -lrb- ###.### dollars -rrb- from his own winnings to establish a foundation for child aids sufferers here monday .
the first group of south african survivors of the fiery sinking of the italian cruise liner achille lauro arrived home late monday aboard a charter flight from djibouti .
three senior aides to president bill clinton traveled to haiti monday to measure progress made in preparing parliamentary elections and ensuring the safe deployment of a un peacekeeping force .
russia 's military authorities dumped about #.# million chemical shells off the country 's coasts in the years following the end of world war ii , the chemist lev fyodorov claimed monday .
the celebrated parisian music hall the lido reopened on monday after a month-long facelift .
prime minister edouard balladur accelerated moves aimed at a legislative clampdown on corruption monday , brokering an accord for mps to debate proposals in key areas as soon as possible .
indian scientists have allegedly leaked submarine technology to foreign interests , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- said monday , in the latest development in an indian spy scandal .
americans spend more than ## billion dollars a year to wage mostly unsuccessful battles against an epidemic of obesity , a scientific panel said monday .
indonesian authorities allowed un staff to visit the jailed east timorese leader xanana gusmao in prison in jakarta last week , a un official said on his arrival here monday .
former brazilian president fernando collor de mello , goes on trial before the supreme federal court here wednesday on corruption charges that forced his resignation in #### , legal sources said monday .
dutch police monday seized six tonnes of marijuana with a street value of nearly seven million dollars in a raid on a home in this small northwestern town .
plans by the us postal service to issue a controversial stamp commemorating the #### atomic bomb drop on hiroshima are under review , state department spokesperson christine shelly said monday .
nigeria is to reduce the number of its troops in the ecomog peacekeeping mission in liberia due to the `` continuing intransigence of the warring factions '' , military leader general sani abacha said here monday .
france is to dispatch an aircraft carrier and support vessels to the adriatic in support of french troops on peacekeeping operations in the former yugoslavia , military officials said monday .
french foreign minister alain juppe on monday denied that france had supported the serbs in the war in bosnia and said that if washington and bonn had sent as many troops as france to bosnia they could have changed the course of the conflict .
northern league boss umberto bossi renewed threats monday to quit the government if premier silvio berlusconi reneged on an agreed policy platform , the day after voters inflicted a crushing defeat on the ruling coalition .
eighteen people have died over the past week in the <unk> capital angola after drinking homemade liquor tainted with methanol , the portuguese news agency lusa said monday .
divers finished searching the hulk of the estonia car-ferry monday , as a special commission prepared to start investigating why the ship sank with the loss of more than ### lives .
israeli mps on monday forgot their differences for a night as they put on a display of music , dance and humor as part of hanukkah celebrations .
customs officers intrigued by the poor state of health of a dog shipped into kennedy airport discovered condoms in his stomach containing some #.# kilos -lrb- seven pounds -rrb- of cocaine , officials said monday .
joe royle 's magic worked once again for everton on monday and the goodison park side scored a #-# home win over leeds to climb out of the relegation zone for the first time this season .
the dollar weakened against other major currencies except sterling monday in quiet trading dominated by profit-taking after last friday 's gains .
richard ravitch , major league baseball 's chief negotiator since november #### until last month , will resign when his contract expires at the end of the year .
a man accused of sabotaging a flood levee to keep his wife trapped on one side of a swollen river while he had affairs with women on the other side was sentenced to life in jail monday .
kristin otto , who won six gold medals at the #### olympics , was part of a systematic doping program that produced east germany 's record - breaking women 's swimming teams -- swimming world magazine claims in its december issue .
blue-chip stocks edged lower monday in a mixed day on wall street seen as a consolidation session after friday 's sharp rise .
millionaire composer sir andrew lloyd webber is in hospital receiving treatment for inflammation of the <unk> , his spokesman said monday .
azerbaijan violated a ceasefire by blowing up a key railway bridge , armenia charged monday in an accusation that could jeopardize talks on sending peacekeepers to the disputed nagorno-karabakh enclave .
croatian president franjo tudjman monday rejected international pressure to normalize ties with serbia , saying belgrade must first recognize croatian independence .
centrist democrats came out swinging monday , launching their agenda for the next two years to counter the plan which catapulted the republicans into the majority last month .
a suspect in the bloody november ## attack on us embassy employees that left two dead and one injured has been arrested , officials announced here monday .
an aide to the newly-elected leader of the legislative assembly was gunned down monday in the guatemalan capital after having received death threats , party officials said .
the dollar opened at ###.## yen in tokyo on tuesday , down #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen .
russia would be uncompromising on the issue of a fast expansion of nato through central and eastern european countries , itar-tass news agency quoted president boris yeltsin as saying monday .
share prices opened slightly lower on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday .
sweden 's recently restored social democrat prime minister ingvar carlsson is confident his government 's measures will stabilise the country 's huge debt , he said in an interview in tuesday 's financial times .
sales by the three main us automakers rose #.# percent in november , powered by strong demand for light trucks and utility vehicles , the american automobile manufacturers association said monday .
urgent measures are needed to fight the spread of diseases that have grown resistant to antibiotics , the world health organisation warned here .
britain 's national westminster bank is to open a number of branches on the next two sundays , a spokesman confirmed early tuesday .
a tunisian activist recognized by human rights watch has been denied permission by tunis to leave the country to receive an award , the organization said monday .
manuel tello , mexico 's former foreign minister , has been named his country 's new ambassador to the united nations , officials announced monday .
president boris yeltsin pays the equivalent of ## dollars a year in rent for his ###-square-meter -lrb- #,### square-foot -rrb- apartment in moscow , a russian magazine says .
doctors afraid of legal action if a natural birth goes wrong are carrying out more and more caesarian operations , the national childbirth trust -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said in a report , calling the situation abnormal .
china 's first high-speed train is to go into formal operation this month , moving passengers at almost twice the speed of the fastest existing locomotive , xinhua reported .
a businessman in the whitewater probe pleaded guilty monday to banking irregularities and vowed to cooperate in the investigation of the finances of president bill clinton and his wife .
ireland was plunged into a new political crisis tuesday when the labor party abandoned talks on forming a new coalition government with fianna fail , raising the prospect of a general election and fears of a slackening in the momentum of the northern ireland peace process .
australia won the toss and decided to bat in the international one-day cricket match with england at the sydney cricket ground here tuesday .
china 's power ministry has warned enterprises to prepare for `` inevitable '' power cuts in coming months as generation fails to keep pace with rapidly growing demand , xinhua reported tuesday .
tourist arrivals in hong kong rose #.# percent to #.### million people for the first ## months of this year , thanks to a major influx from south korea and japan , the hong kong tourist association said tuesday .
china 's booming southern guangdong province has attracted some ##.# million migrant labourers , putting severe pressure on local amenities , xinhua reported .
fujitsu ltd. said tuesday it had set up the world 's biggest commercial technology education alliance grouping three of its subsidiaries in japan , britain and the united states .
indonesia 's state-owned oil and gas firm pertamina is expected to sign another four oil and gas contracts before the end of the year , taking the total for the year to ## , a press report said tuesday .
indonesia will not meet its target of clearing galang island of boat people by the end of the year to build an industrial zone , press reports said tuesday .
the shanghai branch of the people 's bank of china -lrb- pboc -rrb- has shut down ## of the city 's ### gold jewellery shops to bring more order to the gold market , a newspaper reported tuesday .
shanghai 's aging population , the largest in the country , is expanding rapidly and the city needs money fast to build extra housing , a newspaper reported tuesday .
forensic evidence suggested more than one person was responsible for australia 's serial backpacker murders , an expert told a court here monday .
the chinese government is pumping a record ## billion yuan -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- into a national water conservation drive following droughts , floods and typhoons that decimated the summer harvest , a report said tuesday .
a judge ruled monday that there was insufficient evidence to charge general electric company with fixing prices on industrial diamonds .
the first united nations aid convoy in six months got through to kabul on monday , un sources said here tuesday .
australian multinational mayne nickless ltd. , accused of the worst - ever breach of trade practices laws here , was tuesday ordered to pay almost eight million australian dollars -lrb- six million us -rrb- in penalties and costs .
indonesia expects un-sponsored talks next month on east timor to progress from confidence building measures towards a complete settlement of conflicts surrounding the former portuguese colony , the official antara news agency said tuesday .
chinese authorities have banned a cigarette advertisement because an actor in it portrayed the late nationalist leader chiang kai-shek , it was reported tuesday .
four young chinese women who undertook cosmetic surgery that promised a <unk> complexion but delivered premature wrinkles are suing a beauty salon for one million yuan -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- each .
the ## strong parliament of tuvalu , one of the world 's smallest states and a former colony of britain , voted tuesday to remove the union jack from its flag , prime minister <unk> <unk> said .
a singaporean cargo ship officer failed to sight a philippine ferry until it was too close to avoid a collision , the ferry owner 's lawyer alleged here tuesday .
security forces patrolled this northern indian district tuesday as a strike called by moslems got under way to protest the razing of a mosque by hindus on this day two years ago .
forensic evidence suggested more than one person was responsible for australia 's serial backpacker murders , an expert told a court here monday .
while american collectors hoard baseball cards , their chinese counterparts are building a lucrative market around a far more humble item -- the grain coupon .
share prices advanced slightly on the tokyo stock exchange tuesday with investors encouraged by weakening inflationary pressure in the united states .
indian security forces were on alert here and in the town of ayodhya tuesday as moslems prepared to hold protests to mark the second anniversary of the razing of a mosque by hindu zealots .
a chinese couple who feared they would be forcibly sterilised under the `` one child policy '' if they were returned to the people 's republic will be allowed to remain in australia , a court decided tuesday .
president ernesto zedillo , five days after being sworn in , sent congress a package of constitutional reforms to overhaul the justice system and turn mexico into `` a country of laws .
the us government has sent over half a million dollars ' worth of medical supplies and vehicles here to help rehabilitate victims of the ongoing <unk> separatist war , a top military official said .
the rand firmed marginally against the dollar in early trade here tuesday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback against #.#### \/ ## at close on monday .
nearly seven out of ## israelis are against the stationing of us troops on the golan heights to monitor a peace agreement , according to a poll published tuesday .
a fire swept through the former iranian parliament here on tuesday , causing extensive damage , official sources said .
the lira fell in initial interbank dealing here on tuesday on rumors that key anti-corruption magistrate antonio di pietro was about to resign .
profit taking pressure sent the dollar moderately lower on the tokyo foreign exchange market on tuesday .
israel 's right-wing opposition likud party leader benjamin netanyahu would edge out prime minister yitzhak rabin if elections were held today , according to a opinion poll released tuesday .
iran is to set up a revolutionary court in abu musa , one of three gulf islands also claimed by the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- , newspapers said tuesday .
the ninth summit meeting of the conference on security and cooperation in europe resumed here tuesday , with the ## participating states preparing to transform it into a body for conflict prevention and crisis management .
gross monetary reserves held by the bundesbank fell by #.# billion marks -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- during the last banking week in november to ###.# billion marks , the bank said on tuesday .
the un plans to step up aid convoys to the beleaguered afghan capital after the success of getting its first relief consignment through in six months , un sources said here tuesday .
the israeli army wants to maintain control of four zones on the west bank even after a permanent settlement with the palestinians , military radio reported tuesday .
russian guards killed two tajik islamic rebels crossing into tajikistan from bases in afganistan , itar-tass news agency reported tuesday .
the role of the un protection force -lrb- unprofor -rrb- in bosnia remained clouded tuesday after talks between un and serb military leaders on rules of engagement and as british defense minister malcolm rifkind completed a two-day visit to the country .
senior batsman david boon bounced back to form with an unbeaten knock of ## to steer australia to a solid ### for four in their one-day cricket match against england here tuesday .
a kenyan musician who aggressively demanded sex without a condom with a series of women came before the new zealand high court on tuesday , facing the unique charge of willfully infecting a woman with the human immune-deficiency virus -lrb- hiv -rrb- .
the lira plunged tuesday following reports that italy 's top anti- corruption investigator was poised to resign after being accused by supporters of prime minister silvio berlusconi of partiality in his drive to expose corrupt officials .
three moderate earthquakes jolted southern california late monday causing some panic but no injuries or damage , seismologists at the california institute of technology said .
us secretary of state warren christopher was beginning a new shuttle between syria and israel on tuesday as the official press here spoke of a `` decisive juncture '' in the troubled peace talks .
north korea 's ailing military leader o jin-u has left for pyongyang after a month 's medical treatment in paris for lung cancer , south korean news reports said tuesday .
a child was killed and two wounded critically after an anti-personnel mine they were playing with exploded in the moldovan city of tiraspol , itar-tass reported tuesday .
the lira plunged tuesday following reports that italy 's top anti- corruption investigator antonio di pietro was poised to resign after being accused by supporters of prime minister silvio berlusconi of partiality in his drive to expose corrupt officials .
the angolan rebel unita movement said tuesday it would not attend a meeting called in luanda tuesday by president jose eduardo dos santos to discuss implementing peace accords signed in november .
france 's aerospatiale and two us companies are planning to set up three projects in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- in line with their commitment to offset deals , they announced on tuesday .
egypt has rejected visa applications from a tel aviv folk dance company called `` shalom israel '' which was booked to perform in cairo for european businessmen , officials said tuesday .
russian prime minister viktor <unk> is to visit india later this month for talks with top officials expected to cover space , military and trade relations .
the united states will pull out all the stops in coming weeks to convince moscow that russia has nothing to fear from an eastward expansion of the nato alliance , us officials said on the sidelines of the conference on security and cooperation in europe -lrb- csce -rrb- .
two empty food convoys which left sarajevo early tuesday for the adriatic coast to restock were turned back at the first serb checkpoint out of the city , kris janowski for the un high commissioner for refugees said .
china reacted tuesday to the hong kong government 's announcement of legislative council elections next year by reaffirming its intention to dissolve the body when it resumes sovereignty over the british colony in #### .
german chancellor helmut kohl met with russian president boris yeltsin here tuesday shortly before the conference on security and cooperation in europe summit resumed for its second and final day of talks , a german diplomat said .
the president of moldova , mircea snegur , on tuesday proposed that the csce help monitor the planned withdrawal of some #,### russian soldiers based in his small former soviet republic .
us secretary of state warren christopher arrived here tuesday for talks with syrian president hafez al-assad aimed at pushing forward the troubled peace process with israel .
eritrea on tuesday broke off relations with sudan , accusing the moslem fundamentalist military junta in khartoum of seeking to destabilise the government in asmara , eritrean national radio reported .
police on tuesday reported another ## people killed in separate incidents of violence in kwazulu-natal , bringing to ## the death toll in south africa 's eastern province since friday .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri withdrew his resignation despite failing to get the green light from syria to reshuffle his cabinet , government sources said tuesday .
a group of experts has reached agreement on sending a csce multi - national peace-keeping force to the troubled armenian enclave of nagorno-karabakh , german delegates to the summit here said tuesday .
a century after the death of scottish writer robert louis stevenson at his home near here , the restored building was formally reopened monday -- after being saved from decay by former mormon missionaries .
serb forces and their dissident moslem allies kept up pressure on outgunned bosnian government troops in the northern bihac pocket tuesday , pounding nearby towns with shellfire and attacking army positions , a un spokesman said .
china lashed out at washington tuesday over a visit to rival taiwan by us <unk> secretary federico pena , saying it represented a `` serious violation '' of sino-us agreements .
share prices slumped here in early trading on tuesday on renewed fears that rates might rise in view of comments by bank of england governor eddie george indicating that current growth rates can not be sustained , dealers said .
lawyers representing the owners of a philippine ferry that sank after being hit by a singaporean cargo vessel tuesday blamed the freighter 's crew for the accident which left ### people dead or missing .
an unknown number of somalis were killed or wounded tuesday in fierce fighting between un troops and somali gunmen in the town of afgoye , ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- , south of here , a un military spokesman said .
scores of detained activists from a moslem fundamentalist party involved in recent unrest in northwest pakistan have been released , news reports said tuesday .
nine russian mps arrived in chechnya on tuesday to offer themselves as replacements for captured russian soldiers while moscow continued to mass forces on the separatist republic 's border .
france denies it opposed eastern european countries being invited to a european union summit to be held next friday and saturday in essen , germany , european affairs minister alain lamassoure said in an interview published on tuesday .
czech president vaclav havel tuesday reaffirmed the right for eastern european countries to join nato , despite russian objections .
saudi arabia supports a plan to fight islamic militant groups which has been proposed by egypt , algeria , tunisia and turkey , officials said here tuesday .
shipping experts tuesday warned against any let up in the fight against piracy in asian waters as a cargo vessel came under attack in the seas off indonesia .
eritrea on tuesday broke off <unk> relations with sudan , accusing the moslem fundamentalist military junta in khartoum of seeking to destabilise the government in asmara , eritrean national radio reported .
shanghai dissident bao ge , who is serving a three-year sentence in a re-education center , was refused permission to perform funeral rites for his father , his mother said tuesday .
italy increased a non-european union trade surplus to ##,### billion lire -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- in the first ## months of the year , official figures showed on tuesday .
the volume of orders placed with west german industry fell by #.# percent in october from the figure for september but the trend for consumption was firm , seasonally-adjusted official figures showed on tuesday .
the french aircraft carrier foch sailed for the adriatic on tuesday in support of french troops on peacekeeping operations in the former yugoslavia .
north korea 's ailing military leader o jin-u has left here for pyongyang after a month 's medical treatment for lung cancer , a french foreign ministry spokesman confirmed on tuesday .
president hafez al-assad and us secretary of state warren christopher on tuesday began talks aimed at pushing forward syria 's stalled peace negotiations with israel .
the renault car manufacturer plans to shed #,### jobs next year , various labor union sources said on tuesday .
britain 's <unk> secretary michael portillo tried to downplay an expected government defeat later tuesday on a key vote a tax increase on domestic gas and electricity .
the housing shortage in the chinese capital sparked a pitched battle tuesday between college teachers and workers from an adjoining factory as tempers flared over ownership of a residential building .
the african development bank has lent ##.## million dollars to swaziland , the bank said in a statement released here tuesday .
bangladeshi un troops killed or wounded an unknown number of somali gunmen in fierce fighting in the town of afgoye near here , a un military spokesman said .
the prosecution won a request tuesday for the cyprus supreme court to decide whether a pretrial hearing should be held in the case of british soldiers accused of killing danish tour guide louise jensen .
foreign ministers from islamic countries met here tuesday to discuss the situation in bosnia with its president alija izetbegovic .
operating profits at dresdner bank slumped by ##.# percent in the first ## months of the year , the bank told shareholders on tuesday .
german president roman herzog arrived in israel on tuesday for a ##-hour state visit , his first official trip outside europe , officials said .
the european currencies looked to be entering the <unk> hibernation period early tuesday , with prices virtually unchanged since friday when us employment statistics forced the dollar higher .
efforts to form a new government in the irish republic foundered tuesday and the prospect of general elections loomed large after fresh revelations in the scandal that toppled albert reynolds three weeks ago .
a new round of israeli-palestinian talks which opened here tuesday would try to set a deadline for the staging of self-rule elections and an israeli army redeployment on the west bank , plo chief negotiator nabil shaath said .
us troops would not have to fight for israel if they were deployed on the golan heights under a peace deal with syria , prime minister yitzhak rabin told us chief of staff general john shalikashvili here .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze tuesday called on the international community to recognize the `` genocide '' carried out by abkhaz separatists against georgians .
the united nations might soon call for the withdrawal of peacekeepers from bosnia if a ceasefire is not reached there , french foreign minister alain juppe said here .
letter bombs exploded at two london branches of barclays bank on tuesday and explosive devices were defused at two other branches , a spokeswoman for barclays , britain 's leading high street bank , said .
a national policy adviser to president lee teng-hui has proposed that taiwan form a joint council with china to remove hostility between the two bitter rivals .
a committee of the nigerian junta 's constitutional conference has proposed a two-year period of transition to democracy , during which the military and civilians would share power , a source close to the conference said tuesday .
prudential , a leading british life assurance company , has agreed to sell its remaining canadian life assurance and savings businesses to canada 's mutual life assurance for about ### million canadian dollars -lrb- ### million us dollars -rrb- in cash , it said on tuesday .
israeli opposition leader benjamin netanyahu held talks here tuesday with crown prince hassan during his first visit to jordan , officials said .
the lira plunged tuesday following reports that italy 's top anti- corruption investigator antonio di pietro was poised to resign after being accused by supporters of prime minister silvio berlusconi of bias in his drive to expose corrupt officials .
a new round of israeli-palestinian talks opened here tuesday aimed at setting a target date for the staging of self-rule elections and an israeli army redeployment on the west bank .
efforts to form a new government in the irish republic foundered tuesday and the prospect of general elections loomed large after fresh revelations in the scandal that toppled albert reynolds three weeks ago .
european commission chief jacques delors said tuesday that he had taken a decision on whether or not he will stand in france 's presidential elections next spring , but did not say what the decision was .
foreign ministers from islamic countries said tuesday that they would be willing to send troops to replace any western troops that might decide to pull out of the un peacekeeping contingent in bosnia - hercegovina .
nec corp. announced tuesday plans to launch a new parallel mainframe computer in a leasing venture with toshiba corp. , and personal conference software developed with intel corp. of the united states .
bosnian serb deputies tuesday denied there was any `` split '' within their self-styled parliament over the latest international peace plan for bosnia-hercegovina , saying they spoke `` officially '' in urging its consideration , the beta news agency said .
the conference on security and cooperation in europe failed to agree tuesday to a joint statement on the bosnian war , hungarian president arpad goncz said .
the spanish state-owned airline iberia was launched into a crisis survival plan with the loss of #,### jobs and the sale of key assets when pilots rejected pay cuts as part of a rescue on tuesday .
president boris yeltsin returned to moscow on tuesday after attending a stormy two-day conference on security and cooperation in europe -lrb- csce -rrb- summit in budapest , itar-tass reported .
a malaysian consortium led by tycoon vincent tan sealed a deal on tuesday to build and manage a bridge costing ###.# million dollars in eastern china , the largest such project awarded to malaysia .
south korean car manufacturers launched a major effort to prevent the country 's leading conglomerate , samsung , from breaking into car - making , taking out newspaper advertisements and stepping up lobbying efforts on tuesday .
china 's ailing state firms urged the government to allow them to dismiss ## percent of their workers , blaming lack of control over personnel and funding shortages for their problems , the economic daily said on tuesday .
china is expected to implement a plan next year to raise billions of dollars ' worth of foreign funds for construction of the massive three gorges dam , xinhua reported on tuesday .
london 's ambassador andrew burns expressed `` concern '' to the israeli government on tuesday after a british diplomat had a narrow escape when israeli soldiers opened fire on his car , a spokesman said .
cheeky thieves stole ###,### dollars worth of jewellery from a lebanese businessmen in a cunning sting in which they also enjoyed a spin in the country in his plush rolls royce .
a boat bound for australia with ## chinese migrants on board has been forced to drop anchor in dili harbor in east timor after suffering engine trouble and a fuel shortage , a news report said here tuesday .
france will fight fraudulent use of european union funds when it takes over the eu presidency on january # , european affairs minister alain lamassoure said in an interview published tuesday .
prime minister rafic hariri pledged tuesday to forge ahead with rebuilding post-war lebanon after deciding to withdraw his resignation .
the united nations -lrb- un -rrb- special envoy for afghanistan <unk> <unk> met afghan president burhanuddin rabbani here tuesday , as the first un convoy in six months brought medical and food supplies into kabul .
malaysian premier mahathir mohamad on tuesday blasted human rights activists , saying the western notion of human rights was just a new form of imperialism where `` powerful nations were more equal than small nations .
israeli settlers are flying ### `` victims of terror '' to oslo to protest at the award saturday of a nobel peace prize to plo chairman yasser arafat , one of their leaders said .
amnesty international has expressed serious concern over human rights violations carried out by the cambodian armed forces and said infringements appeared to be left unpunished .
the italian actor gian maria volonte died tuesday at florina , northwestern greece , probably of a heart attack , police said .
a former indian prime minister on tuesday demanded the reconstruction of a ##th-century mosque razed by hindu militants two years ago as moslems closed businesses in parts of the country to protest the desecration .
australia captured eight wickets for ## to dismiss england and win their world series one-day international by ## runs at the sydney cricket ground here tuesday .
foreign ministers from islamic countries said tuesday they would be willing to send troops to replace western troops that may decide to pull out of the un peacekeeping contingent in bosnia-hercegovina .
us deputy assistant secretary of state timothy m. carney met prime minister man mohan adhikari to discuss us cooperation with nepal , state-run radio reported tuesday .
england 's footballers could play in brussels for the first time in ## years after belgium entered the bidding for a fixture against terry venables ' team here on tuesday .
the ## heads of state and government at the conference on security and cooperation in europe -lrb- csce -rrb- tuesday adopted a final declaration to rename the group , the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- .
outgoing european commission head jacques delors sparked a fresh storm over european federalism tuesday , with critics renewing charges that he is putting eu power ahead of national interests , including french ones .
president nelson mandela indicated tuesday that south africa intends to write off namibia 's pre-independence `` colonial '' debts to pretoria .
china will look to foreign investors to provide more than ## percent of the seven billion dollars it needs to develop its telephone and communications manufacturing industry over the next five years , a chinese official said on tuesday .
new car registrations in britain fell by #.# percent in november from the figure a year earlier to ###,### , the society of motor manufacturers traders -lrb- smmt -rrb- said on tuesday .
russian defense minister pavel grachev began talks on tuesday with secessionist chechnyan president dzhokhar dudayev , interfax agency said .
world squash number two peter marshall survived a scare against fellow englishman paul gregory before moving into the quarter-finals of the pakistan open here tuesday .
the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- dismissed as `` pure speculation '' here on tuesday reports that john lyall , who resigned as manager of ipswich on monday , is being lined up as their new technical director .
leading anti-corruption magistrate antonio di pietro , who has led italy 's almost three-year old `` clean hands '' investigation , announced his resignation on tuesday saying he was leaving the judiciary .
the sri lankan government tuesday decided to offer a ceasefire to separatist tamil tiger guerrillas in a bid to revive stalled peace talks ahead of a visit here by pope john paul ii , defense sources said .
the south african national defense force gave up its legal attempts tuesday to keep secret arms deals done under the former white-minority government .
malaysian police arrested seven footballers , including an international midfielder , for allegedly fixing matches in this year 's national soccer league , bernama news agency reported here on tuesday .
strikers andy cole , chris sutton and robbie fowler were handed a chance to press their claims for full international honors here on tueday when they were named in the england b squad for the friendly against the republic of ireland on december ## .
the iraqi opposition warned foreign companies tuesday against making deals with the baghdad authorities , saying the iraqi people would not respect such accords .
stockport 's giant striker kevin francis is set to join birmingham in a #.# million pound deal .
france has joined other nuclear powers in giving security guarantees to ukraine after kiev signed the nuclear non-proliferation treaty -lrb- npt -rrb- , officials said tuesday .
a parachute club , in a bizarre civil court suit , tuesday claimed damages from the estate of a young woman parachutist who was killed when she hit the propeller of the plane from which she had just jumped .
a roadside bomb exploded tuesday seriously wounding an israeli soldier as a patrol went past in the `` security zone '' which the jewish state occupies in southern lebanon , military officials said .
algerian security forces gunned down ## armed moslem extremists in a major operation in the capital and announced tuesday that they had also killed a regional chief of the most radical guerrilla faction .
ten people convicted of armed robbery have been hanged in southern iran , kayhan newspaper reported tuesday .
bangladeshi un troops killed or wounded an unknown number of somali gunmen in fierce fighting in the town of afgoye near here tuesday , a un military spokesman said .
wall street prices were slightly down in early trading tuesday while the average interest rate on the main market bond was lower .
a leading russian right wing extremist was injured in saint petersburg tuesday and his two bodyguards killed when they were attacked by a gang using automatic weapons , police said .
the future of the european union is to be discussed by eu leaders over dinner friday at the essen summit , according to a letter of invitation sent out by german chancellor helmut kohl .
us secretary of state warren christopher met for several hours here tuesday with president hafez al-assad at the start of his seventh peace mission this year between syria and israel .
european commission chief jacques delors said tuesday that he had taken a decision on whether or not he will stand in france 's presidential elections next spring , but did not say what the decision was .
the conference on security and cooperation in europe tuesday agreed to send an international peace-keeping force to the troubled armenian enclave of nagorno-karabakh in azerbaijan .
the italian actor gian maria volonte died of a suspected heart attack tuesday while filming on location in greece , police said .
the german interior ministry is imposing entry visa requirements on nationals of five african countries as part of a crackdown on illegal immigrants , ministry sources said tuesday .
abortion opponent paul hill was sentenced to death tuesday for shooting to death a doctor and his escort outside a clinic .
the judges in the trial of three iranians accused in the murder of ex - iranian premier shahpur bakhtiar retired to consider their verdict tuesday , at the end of a more than month-long trial .
angola 's unita rebels on tuesday snubbed a meeting called by president jose eduardo dos santos to discuss peace accords signed in november and specified that they did not want southern african troops in a un force here .
united nations troops are ready to reopen the highway between zagreb and belgrade , if serbia and croatia so wish , a spokesman for the united nations protection force -lrb- unprofor -rrb- said tuesday .
german car manufacturer volkswagen confirmed tuesday the company 's board of directors was planning to axe ##,### `` surplus '' jobs in the group over the coming five years .
world number one pete sampras opened his account in the six million dollar grand slam cup with a straight sets win over jaime yzaga of peru in a grudge match here on tuesday .
revelations tuesday that chancellor of the exchequer kenneth clarke has cut champagne prices while preparing to raise value added tax -lrb- vat -rrb- on domestic fuel are likely to cause the government severe embarrassment .
the italian state raised #,###.# billion lire -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- from privatisation in #### and expects to raise ##,### billion lire -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- next year , treasury minister lamberto dini said on tuesday .
nigeria 's military junta should hand over to civilian rule on january # , #### , the constitutional conference created by the junta recommended tuesday , according to sources close to the conference .
treasury secretary lloyd bentsen resigned tuesday , depriving bill clinton of a key supporter at a crucial moment of his presidency .
south africa will this week return to the world 's capital markets , from which it has been excluded since #### , with the launch of its first international bond worth ### million dollars , dealers said tuesday .
mozambique 's first president to be democratically elected back to office , joaquim chissano , said tuesday he will reveal the new cabinet make-up when he takes office on friday .
the workers ' council of german car manufacturer volkswagen confirmed tuesday the company 's board of directors was planning to axe ##,### `` surplus '' jobs in the group over the coming five years .
president dzhokhar dudayev of chechnya on tuesday said he had reached an agreement with russian defense minister pavel grachev on ending the conflict in the breakaway russian republic .
an israeli soldier was killed and another seriously wounded in a roadside blast in southern lebanon on tuesday , security officials said .
the head of italy 's clean hands graft inquiry called tuesday for former socialist premier bettino craxi to be jailed for more than three years for taking bribes to approve a major merger , court sources said .
us secretary of state warren christopher arrived tuesday in israel from syria on his seventh middle east shuttle this year to try to break the peace deadlock , officials said .
the party of bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said tuesday a delegation of deputies visiting belgrade to discuss acceptance of an international peace plan for bosnia had no authority to do so .
two yemenis on a <unk> -lrb- ##,###-mile -rrb- camel ride for the sake of arab unity received praise and encouragement here tuesday from arab league chief esmat abdel meguid .
france called tuesday on eu leaders to take joint action to persuade turkey not to hand down death sentences on eight kurdish members of parliament accused of separatist activities .
the first humanitarian aid convoy for over two weeks reached the besieged eastern town of srebrenica tuesday , delivering ## tonnes of much-needed food and fuel , the un refugees office in sarajevo said .
eight people were killed and at least ## injured tuesday when a runaway lorry crashed into a restaurant in the tiny mountain principality of andorra , officials said .
swaziland 's government has closed down the southern african kingdom 's first sex shop only three weeks after excited shoppers caused near riots when it opened , reports said tuesday .
us secretary of state warren christopher told israel and syria on tuesday there could be no going back now in the search for middle east peace .
the head of italy 's clean hands graft inquiry called tuesday for former socialist premier bettino craxi to be jailed for more than three years for taking bribes to approve a major merger , court sources said .
antonio di pietro , a magistrate who led an anti-corruption probe that changed the face of italian politics , resigned tuesday and hinted at harassment by prime minister silvio berlusconi 's government .
bastia 's appeal against sanctions following crowd trouble at their ground two weeks ago was thrown out here tuesday and stiffer sanctions imposed .
foreign ministers from islamic countries tuesday accused the un of bungling its mission in bosnia and pledged to send an islamic force to replace any western un troops withdrawn from the war-torn country .
quebec premier jacques parizeau , elected to power in september on a pledge to gain independence for quebec , launched his campaign for independence here tuesday .
an extremist former minister who shot a doctor and his bodyguard outside a clinic was sentenced to death tuesday in a decision that revived fears of further anti-abortion violence .
antonio di pietro , who resigned on tuesday `` sick at heart '' , is the most famous magistrate in italy but was an obscure provincial prosecutor when he set out on his clean hands -lrb- mani <unk> -rrb- operation a little over two years ago .
yet another top chinese women swimmer has failed a dope test , the international swimming federation fina said here tuesday .
senate republican leader bob dole said tuesday he supported democrat president bill clinton 's choice of robert rubin as the new treasury secretary .
prince rainier of monaco left hospital on tuesday after undergoing heart surgery at the end of last month , officials said .
leaders of the six arab monarchies forming the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- will focus on their stand towards iran and iraq at a summit meeting in bahrain on december ## , gcc secretary general sheikh <unk> al-qassimi said tuesday .
french police seized a haul of pakistani heroin with a street value of more than ## million dollars and arrested several people , officials said tuesday .
nine people were killed tuesday and at least ## injured , four seriously , when a runaway lorry crashed into a restaurant in the tiny mountain principality of andorra , officials said .
<unk> plastic animals , lost in a pacific storm in #### , will not figure in britain 's oceanographic studies of the world 's tides and currents , a minister told the house of lords tuesday .
real madrid crashed out of the uefa cup in sensational fashion on tuesday , falling to an injury-time sucker punch in their third round home encounter with rank outsiders odense .
the head of italy 's clean hands graft inquiry called tuesday for federalist northern league leader umberto bossi to be handed a ten - month prison sentence following allegations of financial <unk> in the <unk> enimont merger , judicial sources said .
bosnian prime minister haris silajdzic denounced tuesday the failure of european governments to oppose the `` genocide '' inflicted on the bosnian people in the conflict with bosnia 's warring serbs .
the status of stalled parliamentary elections dominated talks between president jean bertrand aristide and three senior aides to us president bill clinton tuesday , us sources here said .
the fox television network , accused by nbc of violating laws that limit foreign ownership of tv stations to ## percent , is arguing that nbc is trying to block the expansion of the newest us television network .
london share prices took a knock tuesday , amid renewed fears of interest rate rises after bank of england governor eddie george indicated current growth rates can not be sustained .
the us financial markets expect new treasury secretary robert rubin to follow the same lines as his predecessor lloyd bentsen , and showed little reaction to news of the changeover tuesday .
the most important dates and figures targeted by the clean hands probe into corruption , which began in february #### .
a french court tuesday convicted an iranian of murdering former iranian prime shahpur bakhtiar and sentenced him to life in prison .
israeli opposition leader benjamin netanyahu , on his first visit to jordan , held talks with king hussein here tuesday .
a ##-year-old woman who suffered gunshot wounds to the head in sunday 's early morning shooting outside a stockholm nightclub died tuesday , bringing the death toll to four , <unk> hospital said .
a french court tuesday convicted an iranian of murdering former iranian prime minister shahpur bakhtiar and sentenced him to life in prison after a trial in which the tehran government was in the dock .
an oslo court has delayed until friday its decision on whether to extradite a palestinian woman to stand trial in germany for hijacking a german plane to somalia in #### .
the chairman of the multilateral working group on refugees , set up as part of the middle east peace process , discussed the problem of palestinian refugees in lebanon with foreign minister fares bweiz here tuesday .
former vice president dan quayle was discharged from the hospital tuesday , saying he expected a full recovery from a blood clots in his lung and would decide in january whether to run for president in #### .
new zealand crumbled to a ##-run defeat in the face of accurate bowling and tight fielding from south africa in their one-day mandela trophy international quadrangular series match here tuesday .
former italian premier bettino craxi was sentenced in his absence tuesday to five years and six months in jail for corruption .
chechen authorities wednesday will release ## russian soldiers and officers they have been holding for ## days , interfax said tuesday .
nato ambassadors and their western european union counterparts agreed here tuesday to fine tune their joint operation sharp guard on enforcing the bosnian naval arms embargo in the adriatic , nato secretary general willy claes said .
the kuwaiti parliament tuesday rejected a bill put forward by islamic fundamentalist mps calling for segregation of the sexes at a new university to be established in the emirate .
an unknown painting by swedish author august strindberg was sold for ###,### kronor -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- to a private person at an auction in stockholm tuesday , the <unk> auction house said .
a french newspaper reported tuesday that police investigating corruption allegations had searched part of the town hall offices of jacques chirac , mayor of paris and presidential candidate , but officials said while there had been a visit by police no search had been made .
bettino craxi , italy 's first socialist prime minister , was sentenced to five years and six months in jail tuesday for corruption , the most senior politician yet to fall from the pinnacle of italy 's scandal - rocked political scene .
a french court tuesday sentenced an iranian to life imprisonment after finding him guilty of the murder of former iranian prime shahpur bakhtiar , strangled in a paris suburb three years ago .
us and north korean officials tuesday began four days of talks on opening diplomatic offices in their respective capitals with washington seeking freedom of movement for its diplomats .
sinn fein leader gerry adams arrived at the white house tuesday for unprecedented talks with president bill clinton 's national security advisor , anthony lake .
seattle seahawks defensive tackle mike frier , injured in a car wreck last thursday , will probably never walk again , doctors said this week .
the british government will lop ### million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- from the northern ireland security budget up to #### if the ceasefire holds and pour it back into the local economy , britain 's northern ireland secretary said tuesday .
the us international trade commission found china guilty on tuesday of harming us industry by exporting <unk> to the united states at unfairly low prices , and anti-dumping duties will be imposed .
king hussein on tuesday accepted the resignation of jordan 's deputy premier , <unk> <unk> , who stepped down in protest at the government 's economic and social policies , the official news agency petra said .
the norwegian air force on tuesday unveiled six new anti-aircraft defense batteries to be installed at six norwegian airbases before #### , joint makers the norwegian defense technology -lrb- <unk> -rrb- group said .
the swedish government decided tuesday to extradite convicted italian murderer ioan <unk> to italy tuesday , to serve an ##-year sentence for murder in turin , swedish police said tuesday .
former socialist premier bettino craxi was sentenced in absentia tuesday to five years and six months in jail for corruption .
federal mediator william usery on tuesday urged baseball owners to refrain from imposing a salary cap and keep trying to solve their labor dispute at the bargaining table .
us president bill clinton has invited the group of countries which want to set up a middle east development bank for talks in washington from january ## to ## , the israeli foreign ministry said tuesday .
an appeals court upheld the legality of the national football league 's -lrb- nfl 's -rrb- free agency system here on tuesday , confirming an earlier ruling calling it ` fair , reasonable and adequate .
a first group of ## far-right israelis and settlers left for oslo on tuesday to stage a protest at the award of a nobel peace prize to plo chairman yasser arafat , the news agency itim reported .
nigeria 's leading teaching union tuesday threatened an indefinite strike from january unless the government placed them on a special `` teachers ' salary structure .
the dollar was mixed against other major currencies in quiet wall street trading tuesday .
a former top justice department official and friend of preisdent bill clinton pleaded guilty tuesday to mail fraud and tax evasion in an agreement with the whitewater special prosecutor .
wall street share prices edged up only marginally tuesday despite a drop in long-term interest rates , reflecting market disappointment at news that fidelity would not be paying a dividend on its magellan fund this year .
shares of brazil 's state-owned empresa <unk> de aeronautica -lrb- embraer -rrb- , the largest latin american aircraft manufacturer , will go on sale wednesday under a privatization plan , an official said tuesday .
britain 's conservative government tuesday narrowly lost a crucial vote over an opposition labor motion contesting plans to raise taxes on fuel .
a member of the italian red brigade terrorist organization has been arrested in slovakia six years after being sentenced in his absence for belonging to the movement , police said tuesday .
sinn fein leader gerry adams said he made headway tuesday in lifting a us ban on his party 's fundraising activities following talks with president bill clinton 's national security adviser .
a top member of the <unk> drug cartel was arrested tuesday in central mexico , the attorney general office announced .
british ###m runner diane modahl will face a drug-taking charge here at a hearing on december ##th -- the british athletic federation -lrb- baf -rrb- announced here on tuesday .
winger jon sleightholme gave life to an otherwise forgettable encounter here on tuesday as england 's 'em <unk> players ' defeated canada ##-## .
britain 's conservative government tuesday abandoned plans for a fuel tax hike , after it lost by eight votes an opposition labor motion contesting the move .
denver quarterback john elway could miss sunday 's national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- game against the los angeles raiders with an injury to his left knee sustained against the chiefs last sunday .
real madrid , athletic bilbao and deportivo la coruna crashed out of the uefa cup tuesday on a night which saw italian and german clubs move smoothly into the quarter-finals .
staggering losses by an investment pool managed by california 's orange county prompted moody 's investors service on tuesday to place the debt from ## government agencies under review .
the dollar opened lower at ###.## yen in tokyo on wednesday , down #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen .
share prices opened lower on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average falling ###.## points or #.# percent to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
a potentially fatal form of dengue fever has spread throughout central america since the first case was reported in nicaragua last month , the nicaraguan health minister said tuesday .
an anti-abortion activist convicted of murdering a doctor and his bodyguard last summer was sentenced here tuesday to death in the electric chair .
a university here has decided to destroy all the data from research on cloning human embryos which sparked fears that scientists would begin mass-producing people , national public radio reported tuesday .
a mystery freighter with two dead crew and three others sick arrived off here early tuesday but authorities have not allowed it to dock for fears of what it may be carrying , marine department sources said .
a top chinese military official has dismissed as `` totally groundless '' the idea that a more powerful china in the future will pose a military threat to other asian nations .
the papua new guinea opposition has mounted a court challenge to the validity of sir julius chan 's election as prime minister in august , opposition officials said wednesday .
the south korean government has installed geiger counters at seoul 's international airport in a bid to prevent the smuggling of plutonium from the former soviet union , customs officers said wednesday .
a bid to be launched thursday to settle all native maori claims for compensation over illegal land confiscations dating back ### years ran into a big obstacle wednesday when one of new zealand 's leading chiefs refused to meet prime minister jim bolger over the deal .
the australian horse racing industry and the government 's export promotion body , <unk> , have saddled up to chase opportunities for thoroughbreds in the rapidly expanding asian market .
the tiny <unk> principality of andorra was in a state of shock wednesday after a runaway truck scythed down shoppers in a crowded street before smashing into a restaurant , killing nine people and injuring around ## .
reigning olympic champion bonnie blair continued to dominate her favorite ###-metre race , making it three in a row at the world cup speed skating sprint series here wednesday .
a ##-hour general strike , called by opposition parties demanding the ouster of prime minister khaleda zia and the holding of new elections , gripped bangladesh wednesday and security forces were out in force .
former chinese dissident leader wang dan said wednesday he had received police death threats after filing a suit this week against the beijing public security bureau -lrb- psb -rrb- for harassment .
taiwan 's trade surplus slid ##.# percent in november to ### million us dollars compared with a year earlier despite record exports and imports , the finance ministry said wednesday .
renegade cambodian government soldiers raided a restaurant in thailand early wednesday , killing two police officers and robbing customers and staff , a thai official said here .
a group of business executives were detained in northeastern china for illegally raising ### million yuan -lrb- ##.## million us dollars -rrb- worth of investment funds , it was reported wednesday .
taiwan 's food giant president enterprises corp. will team up with southern electric international co. of the united states to form a ## billion taiwan dollar -lrb- #.## billion us -rrb- power plant here , company officials said wednesday .
only ##.# percent of new zealanders surveyed say they trust their members of parliament , while ##.# percent trust their family doctor , a survey released here wednesday says .
shanghai opened a ring road wednesday , the first of several infrastructure projects to ease traffic congestion in this crowded eastern chinese metropolis .
the agricultural bank of china -lrb- abc -rrb- has announced record savings of ### billion yuan -lrb- ## billion dollars -rrb- at the end of november , making it the country 's largest personal savings bank , a report said wednesday .
japan and the united states will consider cooperating to modernize us f-## fighter aircraft at a meeting on military technology and equipment in washington next week , the economic daily nihon keizai said wednesday .
china , faced with growing bad debts or overdue loan repayments , is `` urgently '' drafting regulations to prevent enterprises from defaulting , it was reported wednesday .
president bill clinton defended his track record before moderate democrats who blamed him for their mid-term election debacle , and called on them to work together to advance the party 's program .
the united states has withdrawn tax exemptions granted to the fiji embassy in washington in a tit-for-tat response to fiji 's insistence that the us mission here pay taxes on its purchases .
namibians went to the polls wednesday on the first day of a two-day general election which is widely expected to return the ruling south west african people 's organisation -lrb- swapo -rrb- to power .
israel has allowed ### former palestinian prisoners to leave the autonomous enclave of jericho where they were detained under the self - rule accords , military officials said wednesday .
share prices came under profit-taking pressure wednesday on the tokyo stock exchange wednesday , dealers said .
japan 's toshiba corp. announced wednesday plans to invest ### billion yen -lrb- one billion dollars -rrb- on a new clean room for the mass production of next-generation ##-megabit dynamic random memory -lrb- dram -rrb- chips .
brierley investments ltd. is to sell the ## percent stake it acquired only last month in wilson and horton ltd. -lrb- w and h -rrb- , publishers of the top circulation new zealand herald , bil said wednesday .
only ## percent of israelis believe prime minister yitzhak rabin and foreign minister shimon peres should accept the nobel peace prize on saturday , according to an opinion poll published wednesday .
the chinese swimming federation -lrb- csf -rrb- has banned seven swimmers implicated in the asian games drug scandal from all competition for two years , csf vice-president yuan jiawei announced wednesday .
the rand opened firmer on the back of a weaker dollar wednesday , at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback against #.#### \/ ## at close on tuesday .
the chinese swimming federation -lrb- csf -rrb- has banned seven swimmers implicated in the asian games drug scandal from all competition for two years , csf vice-president yuan jiawei announced wednesday .
unemployment fell to #.# percent in the third quarter of #### compared with ## percent for the same period last year , israel 's national bureau of statistics said on wednesday .
japan 's toshiba corp. announced wednesday plans to invest ### billion yen -lrb- one billion dollars -rrb- on a new clean room for the mass production of next-generation ##-megabit dynamic random memory -lrb- dram -rrb- chips .
a liner packed with british holidaymakers returning from the caribbean drifted for an hour in gale force winds in the english channel overnight after suffering engine failure , coast guards officials here said .
palestinian guerrillas opened fire on an israeli army patrol along the border between the gaza strip and egypt on wednesday , military officials said .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin detected wednesday an improvement in the `` tone '' with syria after talks with us secretary of state warren christopher .
arsonists believed to be kurdish militants set fire to the offices of a turkish association here early wednesday but the blaze was rapidly extinguished , police said .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk believes that fugitive general sin song , held in thailand for the past month , should be given asylum in a third country , a thai foreign ministry source said wednesday .
the dollar continued to lose ground on the tokyo foreign exchange market in the absence of incentives on wednesday .
clashes between rival factions of somalia 's biggest clan left two people dead and seven wounded in mogadishu overnight , hospital staff said wednesday .
president fidel ramos on wednesday ordered a ##-day suspension of military operations against philippines communist guerrillas over christmas and new year .
bosnian serbs destroyed a un observation post near <unk> , ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- east of tuzla in northeast bosnia , in an attack using mortar and anti-tank fire , a un spokesman said tuesday .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin noted wednesday an improvement in the `` tone '' with syria , but no real progress in the quest for peace after talks with us secretary of state warren christopher .
seven russian soldiers freed after being captured fighting the separatist regime in chechnya , returned to moscow wednesday with russian parliamentarians sent to secure their release , press reports said .
the bundesbank injected a net sum of #.# billion marks -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- into the banking system on wednesday under a ##-day repurchase arrangement made at an unchanged fixed rate of #.## percent .
a nightclub owner was killed when a bomb blew up his car here early wednesday , police said .
the italian press on wednesday all lamented the resignation of anti- corruption judge antonio di pietro , the magistrate who came to epitomize italy 's search for renewal but left in disgust at what he said were attempts to muzzle his enquiries .
iraq 's deputy prime minister tariq aziz was to meet with russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev here on wednesday ahead of a un meeting on baghdad 's compliance with un sanctions , the foreign ministry said .
an underground gas tank exploded in seoul on wednesday , leaving at least three dead and dozens injured , police and television reports said .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri has signed draft legislation earmarking #.## billion dollars for rebuilding lebanon as part of a <unk> deal to keep him in power , government sources said wednesday .
the russian parliament invited the president of the rebel chechen republic , dzhokhar dudayev , to appear before deputies this week , interfax reported on wednesday .
the bank of england on wednesday announced a #.# percent hike in british base interest rates to #.## percent , the second hike in four months .
liu dong , who was thrown out of ma junren 's army of runners after becoming #,### metre world champion , has decided to end her athletic career .
zimbabwe suffered a major setback wednesday when experienced paceman <unk> brandes was ruled out for the rest of the australian tour by a back injury .
french open champion sergi bruguera will miss the australian open but organisers said after the entries closed wednesday that it was still the strongest field ever .
deutsche bank reported an ##.#-percent fall in net profits in the first ## months of the year to #.### billion marks -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , the bank said on wednesday .
syria said wednesday that peace with israel could only be reached `` on the ground '' and not just on paper , after us secretary of state warren christopher took his peace shuttle to israel .
india must guarantee jansher khan 's security if the world number one to play is to play in bombay next week , the pakistan squash federation -lrb- psf -rrb- chief said wednesday .
world cup sevens champions england and ivory coast , newcomers at next year 's world cup , have been confirmed for the hong kong sevens event next march .
malaysian authorities are drawing up plans to hunt down foreign bookmakers who have bribed local players .
the ruble fell to #,### to the dollar here on wednesday from #,### on tuesday .
the israeli cabinet heard a scathing attack on the military from foreign minister shimon peres during a policy debate wednesday on the next phase of palestinian autonomy , state radio reported .
the bank of england on wednesday announced a #.# percent hike in british base interest rates to #.## percent , the day after the government suffered a humiliating defeat over its tax proposals .
shares on the london market rose on wednesday in reaction to the news that the bank of england has raised the minimum lending rate to #.## percent from #.## percent .
british and chinese officials are to meet in london next week to discuss hong kong 's handover to beijing in #### , a government spokesman announced wednesday .
germany 's huge state-owned telephone company , deutsche <unk> telekom , is under investigation for fraud involving up to two million marks , the prosecutor 's office in dusseldorf announced wednesday .
doctors who operated on former president ronald reagan after the #### attempt on his life considered whether to leave the bullet that wounded him inside his lung .
four chinese men convicted of attacking and robbing passengers on the trans-siberian railway between beijing and moscow in #### and #### were executed wednesday , xinhua said .
the iberia airline has decided to begin offering its most profitable assets for sale , sources in the company said on wednesday as management prepared to meet unions over a new crisis caused by deadlock with pilots .
opposition social democrats made a strong showing in the first municipal poll held in slovenia since the #### independence , winning ## percent of the vote , according to preliminary results issued by the electoral commission wednesday .
sterling firmed in early trading on wednesday after the bank of england had increased the base interest rate by half a point to #.## percent , analysts said .
israeli and palestinian negotiators were to draw up proposals wednesday on self-rule elections which will be submitted to prime minister yitzhak rabin and plo chief yasser arafat , who meet this weekend in oslo , a plo official said .
the angolan government and unita were due to meet wednesday to try to transform good intentions enshrined in last month 's peace accords into real peace , starting with the encampment and disarming of unita guerrillas .
islamic militant gunmen on wednesday shot dead two policemen and seriously wounded two others when they attacked a police station in southern egypt , authorities said .
the united nations is to temporarily withdraw a third of #,### bangladeshi peacekeepers currently deployed in the besieged bihac safe area in northwestern bosnia , a un spokesman said wednesday .
police on wednesday arrested some ## immigrants in a dawn swoop aimed at cracking down on a false identity papers network , officials said .
angus fraser will replace england 's injured fast bowler martin mccague , the tourists ' team manager mike smith said here wednesday .
wallaby coach bob dwyer wednesday gave injured center tim horan the green light to miss next year 's super ten tournament so he can be ready for australia 's world cup rugby union defense in south africa .
olympic legend carl lewis hit out wednesday at the promoter of the troubled australian indoor athletic series threatened by collapse following a wrangle over athletes ' payments .
st anton in austria has told the international ski federation it can not organise downhill and slalom men 's combined races on dec ##-## because of lack of snow .
north korea will dominate the agenda of a two-day meeting of the international atomic energy agency this week , a spokeman said wednesday .
ireland wednesday was plunged deeper into political chaos after a last attempt to form a new government fell apart over the handling of the child sex abuse case that brought down the old government three weeks ago .
the trial of former brazilian president fernando collor de mello on corruption charges that forced his resignation in #### got under way wednesday in the supreme federal court here .
sudan and the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- have reached agreement on all points of difference , a finance ministry statement said wednesday .
the united nations is to temporarily withdraw a third of #,### bangladeshi peacekeepers currently deployed in the besieged bihac safe area in northwestern bosnia , a un spokesman said wednesday .
us secretary of state warren christopher met plo leader yasser arafat at palestinian authority headquarters on wednesday after underlining the importance of israel 's security .
the main palestinian journalists ' association on the gaza strip has urged a ban on israeli journalists entering the self-rule areas .
denmark will pull its contingent out of the un peacekeeping force in bosnia if france and britain carries out their threat to withdraw their peacekeepers , foreign minister niels helveg petersen said wednesday .
president boris yeltsin ordered chechnya to obey russian rule wednesday , after discussing how to restore constitutional order in the rebel republic with his ministerial security council .
former british premier margaret thatcher held talks with french president francois mitterrand on wednesday , with political reminiscences thought likely to be high on the agenda .
russian justice minister yuri <unk> , who recently criticised president boris yeltsin for not doing his job properly , has been sacked by presidential decree , interfax news agency reported wednesday .
the london stock market chalked up a good gain in the first half of the wednesday session , welcoming an increase in british interest rates as putting an end to uncertainty that had disturbed the market the last few days .
liverpool winger steve mcmanaman could be forced out of the england b squad for next week 's game against the republic of ireland at anfield after suffering a potentially serious injury in ian rush 's <unk> on tuesday .
a united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- court on wednesday adjourned the trial of several bcci defendants for nearly two months to allow the prosecution to get the bank 's chief executive back from the united states .
islamic militant gunmen on wednesday shot dead one auxiliary policeman and seriously wounded three others when they attacked a police station in southern egypt , interior ministry officials said .
french president francois mitterrand on wednesday called on his government to work for the installation of a european police force known as europol when it takes over the eu presidency on january # .
italy 's constitutional court has ruled illegal the ownership by one person of as many as three nationwide television stations in a direct swipe at prime minister silvio berlusconi .
the israeli cabinet heard a scathing attack on the military from foreign minister shimon peres during a policy debate wednesday on the next phase of palestinian autonomy , state radio reported .
antonio di pietro , the judge that has come to symbolize italy 's anti- corruption drive , stayed home wednesday as declarations of support continued to flood in in reaction to news of his resignation .
the united nations peace-keeping mission -lrb- <unk> -rrb- already fast on the retreat from mozambique , was wednesday to submit its final report , marked `` mission successful '' , to president joaquim chissano .
lu bin , who won four gold medals and broke the ###m individual medley record during the asian games , twice tested positive for drugs in hiroshima , the international swimming federation said here wednesday .
a three-day forum aimed at wooing european investors into the southern african mining sector , opened here wednesday attracting more than ### participants .
a ##-year old man was arrested in stockholm tuesday in connection with the weekend shooting outside a stockholm nightclub which left four people dead and ## injured , swedish police said wednesday .
socialist french president francois mitterrand on wednesday called on his conservative government to work for the installation of a european police force known as europol when it takes over the presidency of the european union on january # , #### .
authorities imposed a curfew on nepalgunj township for the second straight day wednesday in a bid to avoid serious clashes between hindus and moslems , a home ministry source said .
gunmen shot dead a rightwing hindu politician as he stepped out from a car in the eastern indian state of bihar on wednesday , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- reported .
trading volumes on pakistan 's premier bourse sank to a record low of #.# million shares after a new wave of violence hit karachi claiming ## lives , dealers said wednesday .
japan 's toyota motor corp. has resumed assembling pickup trucks in peru , after suspending production three years ago when the government liberalised imports of motor vehicles , a spokeswoman said wednesday .
star tv is to launch a round-the-clock channel showing filipino films under a joint venture with manila-based entertainment firm viva group of companies , the leading pan-asia satellite broadcaster said wednesday .
british television group carlton communications on wednesday reported a ## percent hike in annual pre-tax profits to ###.# million pounds -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- from ###.# million pounds the previous year .
president bill clinton 's outgoing treasury secretary and the man named to replace him both said wednesday that cooperation with the republican congress was possible , and not to count the president out .
two people gravely injured when a runaway truck scythed down duty-free shoppers in this tiny pyrenean principality were hanging on to life wednesday , the hospital chief here , chantal backes , said .
the german constitutional court , the country 's highest constitutional authority , on wednesday threw out a tax on electricity consumption as unconstitutional , the court announced .
britain 's leading brewer , bass , on wednesday reported an #.# percent jump in annual pre-tax profits to ### million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- compared with ### million pounds the previous year .
lu bin , who won four gold medals and broke the ###m individual medley record during the asian games , twice tested positive for drugs in hiroshima , the international swimming federation said here wednesday .
the german government wednesday refused to take a decision on whether to send its fighter planes on nato operations in bosnia , arguing it had not been `` formally or officially requested .
duncan ferguson , currently on loan to everton from glasgow rangers , has been named in scotland 's squad to face greece in athens on december ## .
iraqi workers this month are to start building saddam grand mosque which will accommodate ###,### worshippers and have eight minarets soaring into the sky above baghdad , officials said wednesday .
taiwanese flag carrier china airlines -lrb- cal -rrb- said wednesday it would buy ## new passenger aircraft over the next ## years to meet growing competition in the asian aviation market , it said .
a senior us official arrived here wednesday to prepare for next month 's visit to india by us defense secretary william perry , officials said .
croatian serbs gave the go-ahead for a un aid convoy to head thursday to the nearby embattled moslem enclave of bihac in northwest bosnia , where some people are close to starvation , a un refugee spokeswoman said wednesday .
the norwegian nobel committee has appointed a theologian to replace one of its members who resigned over the decision to award plo chairman yasser arafat the nobel peace prize , officials announced wednesday .
officials wednesday pulled the plug on a <unk> service for french children , saying the service was a con because father christmas was n't really on the other end of the line .
the angolan government and unita resumed talks wednesday aimed at hammering out final details of last month 's peace accord , including the encampment and disarming of unita guerrillas , the un office here announced .
sterling benefited , but only moderately , at mid-session on wednesday on the london foreign exchange market from the #.# percent hike in british base rate earlier in the day , while the dollar was generally a shade lower .
israeli foreign minister shimon peres will meet plo chairman yasser arafat on thursday at the erez border crossing into the gaza strip , a foreign ministry spokesman said .
turkey welcomed wednesday the csce 's decision to sanction a multinational peacekeeping force for war-torn nagorno-karabakh , but criticised the budapest conference 's failure to agree a common policy on bosnia .
the frankfurt stock market scored a moderate gain on wednesday on what traders called a `` technical rally '' in the wake of the market 's sharp losses on tuesday .
wall street prices were sharply lower in early trading wednesday as long term interest rates rose .
islamic fundamentalists have lost control of cairo university for the first time in eight years , officials said wednesday .
a lithuanian banker claiming to have damaging information about government corruption narrowly survived a murder attempt on wednesday when shots were fired at his car , baltic news service reported .
british officials expressed concern here wednesday at the condition of two british aid workers who have been held prisoner by sierra leone rebels for the past month .
representatives of rival afghan factions failed to reach a ceasefire accord after a week of talks here , an iranian foreign ministry official said wednesday .
us productivity rose at an annual rate of #.# percent in the third quarter , the federal reserve said wednesday , revising upward an earlier estimate of a #.# percent rise .
a hitherto unknown painting by the dutch impressionist painter vincent van gogh is to go on show at the van gogh museum in amsterdam until the end of the year , it was announced wednesday .
european commission president jacques delors said wednesday he opposed early membership in nato of eastern european countries , which was agreed in principle by the alliance 's foreign ministers last week .
iran is ready to send ##,### troops to serve with the un force in bosnia-hercegovina , iran 's foreign minister said wednesday , but said some security council members were apparently against the idea .
the dollar was down against other major currencies in early wall street trading wednesday as long term interest rates rose .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga wednesday accused the opposition of instigating a series of strikes in factories run under foreign collaboration in a bid to topple the government .
bosnian serb general milan gvero accused the croatian army wednesday of being directly involved in a series of attacks on bosnian serb territory , the news agency srna reported in belgrade .
campaigners from france wednesday called on turkey to release immediately eight kurdish former members of parliament who face the death penalty if convicted of separatism when their trial ends this week .
cambodia will become a central part of an asian road network linking bangkok with ho chi minh city , the country 's minister of public works and transport said wednesday .
north sea brent crude oil dropped below the ##-dollar-a-barrel level on wednesday on the london market due to an announcement of higher us gasoline -lrb- petrol -rrb- stocks , analysts said .
india 's supreme court wednesday lifted a ban imposed on a moslem group soon after hindu fanatics razed a ##th century mosque two years ago .
nigerian writer wole soyinka will accept a special prize here friday on behalf of his compatriot ken saro-wiwa , who has been jailed in nigeria since may .
the final version of a so-called pact on stability in europe , approved at the csce summit in budapest , is to be signed next march , officials said wednesday .
two somalis were wounded in inter-clan fighting in the southern somali port city of kismayo wednesday as indian un troops withdrew , an aid worker reported .
the paris bourse gained slightly on wednesday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , up #.## percent from the tuesday close .
police announced here on wednesday that arsenal star paul merson will not face criminal charges after confessing his cocaine addiction ## days ago .
a senior member of the new rwandan government bitterly criticized france on wednesday for blocking international aid to his country and for associating with the former regime , now overthrown , which he accused of genocide against the tutsi minority .
saudi finance minister <unk> <unk> on wednesday said it was `` premature '' to talk about setting up a middle east development bank saying its goals had yet to be to defined .
france has asked the united nations and nato to prepare a detailed plan to withdraw un peacekeeping forces from former yugoslavia , foreign minister alain juppe told the french national assembly wednesday .
eleven turkish far left activists occupied the courtyard of the french cultural institute here wednesday to protest at the detention in france of left-wing turkish leader dursun <unk> .
the bank of england 's decision to raise interest rates on wednesday marks the first hike since september ## this year .
the ukraine parliament wednesday postponed parliamentary by-elections until next year because of `` voter fatigue '' .
unseeded englishman del harris continued his giant killing run in the pakistan open squash championship when he stunned second seed bret martin of australia to reach the semi-finals here wednesday .
french group andre -lrb- shoes and textiles -rrb- said wednesday that its group - share consolidated net profit for the financial year ending august ## plunged ## percent to ### million francs -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- , against ###.# million francs for the ####-## year .
the israeli shekel has entered the jordanian exchange market but with only a limited demand so far , banking officials said wednesday .
the london stock market suffered a slight setback on wednesday as the footsie index slipped by #.# points or #.# percent on the day to end at #,###.# points .
representatives of rival afghan factions failed to reach a ceasefire accord after a week of indirect talks here , an iranian foreign ministry official said wednesday .
a fist fight erupted between israeli soldiers and palestinian police at a crossroads in the south of the gaza strip on wednesday , israeli military officials said .
seven more russian soldiers captured by chechen troops last month were freed here wednesday , the russian news agency itar-tass said .
leicester could name reading 's mark mcghee as their new manager on thursday if sheffield united 's dave bassett indicates he does not want the job .
the united nations relief and works agency -lrb- unrwa -rrb- is to receive ### million dollars in goods and cash to finance its work with palestinian and other middle east refugees in #### , the agency said wednesday .
bosnian serb forces wednesday accused government forces of `` forcibly disarming '' un bangladeshi peace-keepers in the northwest enclave of bihac .
the united nations is to withdraw temporarily a third of the #,### bangladeshi peacekeepers currently deployed in the besieged bihac enclave in northwestern bosnia , the united nations said wednesday .
pakistan romped to a ##-run victory over a transvaal invitation xi in a one-day match here on wednesday to remain unbeaten on their tour of south africa .
the government said wednesday it was referring bids from both british aerospace -lrb- bae -rrb- and general electric company -lrb- gec -rrb- for naval shipbuilders vsel to the monopolies and mergers commission -lrb- mmc -rrb- .
the former chief of the white house travel office was indicted wednesday on charges that the embezzled more than ##,### dollars from news organizations who pay for reporters to travel with the president .
italy will set up a ###-million-dollar credit line for ukraine in acknowledgement of its renunciation of nuclear weapons , the italian embassy said wednesday .
the italian governent wednesday tried to shrug off the resignation of judge antonio di pietro , adopting a business-as-usual attitude despite a groundswell of support for the anti-corruption crusader and calls for him to stay on .
three city financial institutions were sentenced to a total of ###,### pounds -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- in fines on wednesday for their role in the embezzlement of pension funds from companies belonging to the late robert maxwell .
gulf arab finance and economy ministers said they had made progress in plans to unify their customs tariffs as a prelude to a common market at the end of talks here wednesday .
jonas savimbi , leader of the rebel angolan unita movement , is in good health and engaged in the peace process agreed in lusaka last month , a unita spokesman said wednesday in lisbon .
a bronze statuette sought as the `` maltese falcon '' in the humphrey bogart film of the same name has been sold for ###,### dollars to a manhattan diamond merchant .
us secretary of state warren christopher declared wednesday after wrapping up his seventh middle east shuttle this year that the peace process was progressing .
the united nations wednesday began pulling out a third of the #,### bangladeshi peacekeepers deployed in the besieged enclave of bihac , a un spokesman said .
senior officials of more than ### countries are to give the go-ahead here thursday for the official launching of the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- on january # as the new watchdog of international trade .
foreign investors and economic experts at foreign banks are untroubled by the prospect that european commission chief jacques delors could be the next french president .
france wednesday called the situation of un peacekeepers in bosnia `` untenable '' and said it had asked nato and the united nations to prepare detailed plans for their withdrawal .
a huge alaskan glacier has stopped its movement toward the pacific ocean after <unk> a year of surging southward , scientists said .
parliament here on wednesday debated the #### draft budget described by prime minister abdel salam majali as one of the most ambitious in jordan 's history with a heavy <unk> towards investment .
nickel returned to the base metals limelight on wednesday , rising initially on rumors that russian producer norilsk nickel had declared force majeure after power problems in november , but closing lower , dealers said .
more than ### mps assailed prince charles wednesday for taking his two young sons fox hunting after he had criticized `` <unk> violence '' on british television .
south africa has agreed in principle to join the united nations peacekeeping force in angola , although exact details still have to be decided , a government spokesman said wednesday .
south africa on wednesday returned to the world 's capital markets , from which it has been excluded since #### , with the launch of its first global bond worth ### million dollars -lrb- #.## billion rand -rrb- , dealers said .
leading european stock markets were a mixed bag on wednesday , as stock prices dipped #.# percent in london and #.## percent but gained #.## percent in paris and a more robust #.## percent in frankfurt .
the lebanese government wednesday invited companies approved by the european investment bank -lrb- eib -rrb- to submit tenders for a ###-million - dollar project to modernize the port of beirut .
the dollar edged lower wednesday against the other major currencies , <unk> back after brief gains earlier in the trading session .
andorra 's parliament wednesday elected ##-year-old lawyer marc forne as new prime minister of the tiny principality .
fourteen islamic rebels were killed between sunday and tuesday in a security force crackdown in several incidents throughout algeria , the security services said wednesday .
thousands of poles campaigning for the return of property seized under communist rule are considering taking their case to the united nations , their spokesman said wednesday .
a ukrainian nationalist organization wednesday said a plane it chartered to fly humanitarian aid to secessionists in the russian republic of chechnya had been shot down as it approached the capital , grozny .
telecommunication officers from ## countries in the us-led anti-iraq coalition on wednesday ended five days of maneuvers in kuwait , kuwaiti command spokesman colonel abdallah ahmed <unk> said .
police investigating possible corruption linked to the financing of left wing italian political parties have raided about ## cooperatives throughout northern italy in the last two days , judicial officials disclosed wednesday .
an american eagle pilot was suspended after he refused to fly a plane similar to one that crashed in october , killing ## people .
drug barons of the cali cocaine cartel have made contact with the attorney general 's office to negotiate the terms of their surrender , a colombian official said wednesday .
us open champion andre agassi , nursing a cold , needed only ## minutes to overcome austrian thomas muster #-# , #-# on wednesday to move into the finals of the six million dollar grand slam cup here .
golfers from the pga , lpga and senior tours have gathered here for #### 's season finale , an inaugural event matching pairs from each circuit in head-to-head battles .
italian sportswear maker fila is suing monica seles , saying the former tennis star failed to promote a line of apparel with her name after being knifed in the back last year .
thomas foley , the outgoing speaker of the house of representatives , is interested in a diplomatic post upon leaving congress -- but not in china .
plans for a revolutionary european super league for rugby union clubs were confirmed here on wednesday by an organization headed by glasgow rangers football club chairman david murray .
by siding with the stronger side in the bosnia war the world is prolonging the conflict , bosnian president alija izetbegovic warned here wednesday .
negotiators met here wednesday to work out technical details for holding a census to establish the exact number of palestinian refugees in jordan .
the chairman of the <unk> 's swedish branch , gabi <unk> , under attack for keeping bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen under wraps here , wednesday announced his resignation .
after three years in the limelight as an anti-corruption crusader , judge antonio di pietro plans to take some time for himself and get married , colleagues said wednesday .
german president roman herzog ended a two-day official visit to israel on wednesday by touring <unk> in southern israel , where jewish immigrants from russia have been given new homes .
chechen leader dzhokhar dudayev has said he is open to talks with russia on his secessionist bid , adding that he would even accept mediation if direct talks failed .
an officer and an israeli soldier have been killed accidentally during a training exercise , an army spokesman said wednesday .
a mishap during wednesday 's launching of the french boat `` france #\/# '' for next year 's america 's cup races has damaged the hull and set back the <unk> 's effort .
thousands wednesday demonstrated their support for anti-corruption crusader and judge antonio di pietro , calling on him to stay , while the italian government attempted to shrug off his resignation .
an ohio man accused of persecuting jews during world war ii when he was an agent for the <unk> lithuanian security police may soon be stripped of his us citizenship , officials said wednesday .
more than #,### farmers gathered in front of the national palace here wednesday to demand that the government and banks ease the conditions for repaying their debt .
moslem militants on wednesday shot dead two policemen and wounded three others in two attacks carried out in southern egypt , a police official said .
danish international marc rieper is thought to be the latest target for west ham -- although the club 's managing director peter storrie is playing down the rumors .
twelve people were arrested in connection with a fake credit card scheme near montreal , authorities said wednesday .
several thousand jewish settlers and right-wing activists met here wednesday to collect funds to build a hotel in the town of hebron where ## arabs were killed in february .
the military government in sierra leone has opened peace talks with rebels of the revolutionary united front -lrb- ruf -rrb- of former corporal foday sankoh , senior official major <unk> kandeh told afp in a telephone interview wednesday .
delegates to an international conference on biodiversity missed a key chance to protect forests , the world wide fund for nature said wednesday .
the un commander in bihac wednesday denied a report from his own organization that peacekeepers in the northwest moslem enclave had already begun to withdraw .
yemen accused saudi arabia late wednesday of setting up observation posts and building roads deep into its territory close to the disputed border area between the two countries .
paris st germain retained their champions league ### percent record with a #-# victory in their final group match against spartak moscow here wednesday .
seven russian soldiers captured by chechen troops last month were freed here wednesday , the russian news agency itar-tass said .
at least seven people , including a religious leader , are believed to have been killed in an attack on a mosque here late wednesday , eyewitnesses said .
european commission president jacques delors wednesday strongly criticized a us-inspired nato decision to widen its membership to include the states of eastern europe .
the united nations wednesday announced plans to withdraw a third of its #,### peacekeepers from the bosnian bihac enclave as nato officials considered calls for a complete withdrawal .
top former communist party officials on hunger strike in protest against crippling state tax bills which could ruin the party had their argument accepted by a berlin court wednesday .
britain 's conservative government wednesday promised tighter measures to scrutinise european union funds in a move apparently designed to appease rebellious tory euro-sceptics .
president-elect julio sanguinetti told business leaders wednesday that his government will be ruled by free-market principles .
venezuela 's simon bolivar airport suspended flights for <unk> and <unk> airlines , alleging the lines owe over two million dollars in debts , the state information agency venpres said wednesday .
orange county , california , which has filed for bankruptcy protection following heavy losses on derivatives trading , is not the only big player to have been burned on these high-risk investments .
top former communist party officials on a hunger strike over crippling tax bills which could ruin the party had their argument accepted by a berlin court wednesday and called off their protest .
burundi 's fledgling unity government of majority hutus and minority tutsis survived wednesday despite a threat by the tutsis to pull out unless an alleged hutu warmonger was sacked as parliamentary speaker .
international striker daniele massaro saved ac milan 's season here on wednesday as the italians at last got the better of otto konrad to reach the european champions quarter-finals .
british prime minister john major said wednesday he hoped his government would survive until the next general elections in #### , a day after the tories suffered a humiliating parliamentary defeat .
demonstrators protesting government efforts to eradicate plants used to make cocaine clashed with police wednesday , prompting local authorities to ban alcohol sales and weapons possession .
sarah ferguson , the duchess of york , lashed out wednesday at the british press for depicting her as a millionaire who dabbles in charity work to improve her image .
defense secretary william perry will attend a nato defense ministers ' meeting next week in brussels and then travel to moscow for talks , the pentagon said wednesday .
customs officers wednesday smashed a multi-million pound drink smuggling ring involving unemployed miners from yorkshire , northern england , making trips across the channel .
the start of the canadian leg of the international ski season circuit got off to a slow start here wednesday .
blue-chip stocks fell wednesday amid investor concerns over derivatives following a bankruptcy filing by california 's orange county , which lost over a billion dollars on the high-risk investments .
an early withdrawal of un peacekeepers from bosnia could jeopardize more lives than those already in danger , canadian defense minister david collenette said wednesday .
after refusing all offers of foreign help following the break in an oil pipeline in its arctic region , russia has agreed to allow a un team of experts to see the damage , canada 's deputy prime minister said wednesday .
former world heavyweight champion riddick bowe 's next fight in his quest to regain his crown will be against unbeaten british boxer herbie hide in las vegas on march ## , his manager said wednesday .
national hockey league owners prepared for a meeting here monday that could decide the fate of the season , shut down since october in a dispute with players .
the dollar remained weak here late wednesday in a moderately active market shaken by the latest heavy casualty in financial derivatives futures trading .
president rafael caldera signed a decree wednesday authorizing joint ventures with foreign companies for oil exploration in venezuela .
white women living in the san francisco bay area have the highest rate of breast cancer in the world but experts are at a loss to explain why .
the dollar opened at ##.## yen in tokyo on thursday , up #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ##.## yen .
share prices opened marginally higher on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday , with the nikkei stock average rising #.## points to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
croatian dino radja will miss three weeks to a month of the national basketball association season after suffering a broken right hand , a boston celtics ' spokesman said wednesday .
dennis rodman was suspended by the san antonio spurs for the second time this season after failing to return from a # #\/# week paid leave .
the british government early thursday overwhelmingly won a confidence vote on the third reading of the controversial european communities -lrb- finance -rrb- bill , as the labor opposition abstained from voting .
cable company comcast announced wednesday it will offer access to internet through television cables that can transmit data at least ## times faster than standard telephone lines .
european giants ac milan , barcelona and bayern munich , who have won the european champions cup nine times between them , finally put their acts together to reach the quarter-finals of the competition wednesday night .
westinghouse electric corporation has won three contracts totaling ### million dollars from south korea to provide equipment for power stations , company officials said wednesday .
australia 's unemployment rate rose to a seasonally adjusted #.# percent in november from #.# percent in october , the australian bureau of statistics said thursday .
a federal appeals court struck down wednesday an arizona state law providing for all government and state business to be conducted in english only .
britain 's most dangerous and notorious convicted criminals will be told they face a lifetime in prison under a new revision of sentences , home secretary michael howard said in a written reply wednesday .
australia 's unemployment rate edged up to a seasonally adjusted #.# percent in november from #.# percent in october , it was announced thursday , but the figures also showed an increase in the number of jobs .
global software leader microsoft signed a memorandum of understanding -lrb- mou -rrb- thursday with china , paving the way for the development here of the chinese version of its next-generation `` windows ' ## '' operating system .
dengue fever is sweeping puerto rico in the worst epidemic of the mosquito-borne disease in the us commonwealth 's history , doctors said wednesday .
oliver north , a former white house aide convicted in connection with the ####s iran-contra arms-for-hostages scandal , said wednesday he would host a <unk> radio talk show to stay in politics .
stuart law repaid skipper mark taylor 's faith with a dashing century in australia 's massive total of ### for three against zimbabwe in the one-day cricket international here thursday .
a controversial bid to seal peace with new zealand 's native maori was launched here thursday with the government offering a `` non - <unk> '' one billion nz dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- .
india and other key textiles exporters clashed with the major western trading powers here late wednesday as nearly ### countries prepared to formally set january # as the date for launching a new world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- .
foreign institutions and companies hold a majority of the shares in new zealand 's ## biggest listed companies for the first time , an analysis by stockbrokers doyle paterson brown released thursday shows .
use of soybean-based infant formulas should be discontinued pending further research on possible side-effects on babies , auckland medical school senior toxicologist iain robertson said thursday .
global software leader microsoft signed a memorandum of understanding with china thursday , paving the way for the development here of the chinese version of its next-generation operating system , `` windows ' ## .
security forces shot dead three tamil tiger guerrillas who had infiltrated a strategic military base in northern sri lanka , defense sources here said thursday .
australian sports were warned thursday that government funding through to the #### sydney olympics would hinge on performances at the #### atlanta games .
the indonesian city of bandar lampung , on the southern tip of sumatra , has expanded its new anti-vice <unk> to include cohabitation , according to a news report thursday .
japan 's toshiba corp. plans to boost its production of color television sets in brazil from ###,### units in #### to ###,### units this year and ###,### units next year , a spokesman said thursday .
olympic champion bonnie blair chalked up her fourth consecutive victory , dominating the ### metres in the world cup speed skating sprint series here thursday .
a third russian seaman taken from a <unk> freighter died here wednesday from alcohol poisoning while two more remained seriously ill in hospital , doctors said thursday .
the puzzling tale of an italian-funded multi-million-dollar luxury hotel in the cook islands has taken yet another twist with the brutal murder in vanuatu of the first italian to manage the project , the daily cook islands news reported wednesday .
about ### people were injured during a two-day strike called by the opposition to force the resignation of prime minister khaleda zia , with a large number of crude bombs being exploded overnight , officials said friday .
the government of thai prime minister chuan leekpai faced a crucial vote in parliament thursday which threatened to split his fragile five-party coalition .
eight people , one a sunni moslem extremist leader , were killed in an attack on a mosque in karachi during evening prayers , witnesses said .
new zealand forces could be training alongside their us counterparts as early as next year after nearly a decade of frozen military ties with washington , defense minister warren cooper has indicated .
the beijing authorities have shut down and fined a host of video game arcades which they claim are corrupting the capital 's youth , a report said thursday .
the union of south korea 's largest carmaker , hyundai motor co. , balked thursday at joining a crippling general strike over rival samsung group 's jump into auto manufacturing , hyundai officials said .
a black african woman who claimed to be the niece of south african president nelson mandela and became the first to vote in south africa 's first fully democratic elections was thursday committed to trial on charges of making a false declaration about her origins .
twenty-seven people were killed when a bus carrying six sacks of gunpowder exploded , the china youth daily reported thursday .
two chinese peasants from hunan province , in south china , were sentenced to death recently for stealing ## cows worth ##,### yuan -lrb- #,### us dollars -rrb- , the legal daily reported thursday .
the new york times group plans to invest one billion dollars over the next six years to expand its electronic media holdings , in a diversification effort aimed at reducing its reliance on newspapers .
the us firm phillips petroleum has received the green light to explore an oil deposit in the bohai sea , northeast of china , the official china daily newspaper said thursday .
five people were missing thursday after a chinese catamaran ferry sank after colliding with another chinese high-speed ferry in the mouth of the pearl river , a hong kong government spokesman said .
share prices closed mixed on the tokyo stock exchange thursday in quiet trading with traders sidelined looking for new factors to stimulate the sluggish market .
a ##-meter -lrb- ###-foot -rrb- crane that was trying to retrieve a smaller crane from the roof of a hotel , crashed to the ground wednesday crushing three people to death , authorities said .
investigators believe a gunman who fired on the white house in october may have aimed at an individual resembling president bill clinton who was touring the grounds , a law enforcement official said .
the commercial dipped slightly against the u.s. dollar after two days of gains at the opening here thursday , trading at #.#### \/ ## compared to wednesday 's close of #.#### \/ ## .
a judge has blocked an oregon law that allows doctor-assisted suicide for terminally ill patients , one month after state voters approved the measure in a referendum .
singer mariah carey and rapper snoopy doggy dog were voted best female and male artists at the #### billboard music awards here late wednesday .
china must improve methods of monitoring money supply to ensure a desired balance of supply and demand and curb inflation , a top banking official was quoted as saying thursday .
us secretary of state warren christopher left israel on thursday after reporting progress in the middle east peace process following his seventh shuttle to the region this year .
a un aid convoy carrying food and medical supplies has arrived in the war-torn afghan capital kabul , officials said friday , the second convoy to get through in a week .
some ## prominent chinese intellectuals and dissidents appealed to the authorities thursday to halt police harassment of former student dissident leader wang dan .
the rolling stones have included south africa on their voodoo lounge tour and will appear at ellis park stadium here on february ## and ## , promoters said thursday .
namibians continued to flock to the polls thursday as the country entered the second and final day of landmark post-independence elections , confounding predictions of widespread apathy .
plo leader yasser arafat held talks thursday with israeli foreign minister shimon peres as debate raged on over the next phase of palestinian autonomy , officials said .
at least three people were killed early thursday when a gas furnace exploded at a pork processing factory in the suburbs of this western french city , officials said .
scoreboard in the one-day cricket international between australia and zimbabwe here thursday .
saudi arabia on thursday rejected accusations that it had violated yemeni territory saying new observation posts and roads built close to a disputed border area were on saudi soil .
the los angeles clippers avoided matching the worst start in national basketball association history here wednesday night when they beat milwaukee ##-## in overtime .
hong kong stock prices fell by #.## percent in sluggish trading on thursday because of concern that another us interest rate increase was on the way , brokers said .
a new study has estimated the palestinian population at #.# million , or ###,### more than the israeli authorities previously believed , a newspaper reported thursday .
at least three people were killed early thursday when a gas furnace exploded at a pork processing factory in the suburbs of this western french city , officials said .
a private salvage firm on thursday began cutting through the hull of the sunken cebu city ferry , at the bottom of manila bay , to retrieve the bodies of up to ## victims after the vessel collided with a cargo ship last week .
the state security court trying eight kurdish former lawmakers on charges of separatism on thursday dropped a penal code article that could have brought them the death penalty .
prime minister yitzhak rabin has cast doubt on the commitment of syrian president hafez al-assad to make peace .
french foreign minister alain juppe on thursday urged algeria to `` move towards elections '' and open political talks with those opponents who are willing to lay down arms .
unions at south korea 's four minor auto companies entered a crippling general strike to protest the government 's approval of samsung group 's jump into auto manufacturing on thursday .
the sri lankan government thursday announced that it had formally written to separatist tamil tiger guerrillas to revive stalled peace efforts to end the country 's ethnic bloodletting .
the philippines has identified ## `` flagship projects , '' costing ### billion pesos -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- , which it will implement over the next seven years , top officials said here on thursday .
the reverend alan boesak , a leading figure of the anti-apartheid movement , was thursday named south africa 's permanent representative to the united nations in geneva .
a district court here sentenced a former state bank director to six years in jail for corruption for his part in a ###-million-dollar banking scam , on thursday .
stuart law slammed ### as australia coasted to an ##-run victory over zimbabwe here thursday to take a grip on the one-day world series .
a diary belonging to one of two maldivian women arrested for allegedly buying india 's space secrets with sex and money contained a plot to kill the president of the maldives , police said thursday .
moslem militants shot dead a policeman and wounded another as they stood guard outside a village fire station in southern egypt on thursday , police said .
some ## prominent chinese intellectuals and dissidents appealed to the authorities thursday to halt police harassment of former student dissident leader wang dan .
the state security court on thursday dropped charges that carried the death penalty against eight kurdish former lawmakers and said they would be tried on different charges that carry up to ## years in prison .
chinese astronomers say they have discovered a minor planet orbiting the sun which they have baptised meizhou , after a town in the southern province of guangdong , xinhua reported thursday .
for the first time in mozambique 's history , a newly elected , multi - party parliament met thursday in the capital maputo , putting another nail in the coffin to bury the nation 's ##-year-long civil war .
a man who killed french war criminal rene bousquet and called a press conference afterwards to boast about it has been sent for trial after <unk> said he was not mad , officials said thursday .
britain 's visible trade deficit with the rest of the world narrowed to ### million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in september from a revised figure of ### million pounds in august , official figures showed on thursday .
strike bowler devon malcolm will make his comeback in england 's three - day match against the australian cricket academy starting here friday .
australian athletes have come up with a plan to try to save the bedevilled indoor athletic series .
plo leader yasser arafat and israeli foreign minister shimon peres considered `` options '' for the next stage of palestinian autonomy on thursday amid israeli security fears .
iranian president ali akbar hashem rafsanjani will not attend a summit meeting of the organisation of the islamic conference , the official agency irna said thursday .
trading in shares in the leading british investment bank sg warburg was suspended here on thursday .
the european union gave approval for the belgian group cockerill - sambre to acquire the german company <unk> , on thursday a spokesman for the german presidency of the council of ministers said .
the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- , which is to succeed the gatt , is to be set up as planned from january # , representatives from ### countries decided here thursday , officials said .
share prices were marginally higher in early nervous trading on thursday with sentiment affected by wednesday 's #.# percent increase in british interest rates to #.## percent , dealers said .
trading in shares in sg warburg , britain 's leading merchant bank , were suspended early on thursday after they had risen sharply on rumors of a bid by the us investment bank jp morgan .
a couple have been stoned to death in southwestern iran for murdering the woman 's husband and committing adultery , the daily hamshahri said thursday .
a medical team from the russian defense ministry was meeting thursday in grozny with chechnya military leaders in hopes of securing the release of russian soldiers taken prisoner in the secessionist caucasus republic .
china has fulfilled ## percent of its grain purchase plan , considered crucial to stabilising prices and ensuring basic food supplies next year , a senior trade official was quoted as saying on thursday .
pakistan has decided to step up repatriation of about #.# million afghan refugees in view of an impending cut in assistance by the un refugee agency , officials said thursday .
police in the southern chinese province of hainan have broken up ### gangs since april and seized more than #,### weapons , according to the procuratorate news .
suha arafat , wife of plo chairman yasser arafat , is pregnant with the couple 's first child , her spokeswoman said thursday .
fighting has eased in the northwest bosnian pocket of bihac because of bad weather while low food stocks and gasoline have almost reached critical levels in the capital sarajevo , un officials said thursday .
the ruble fell to #,### to the dollar here on thursday from #,### on wednesday .
three people were killed thursday in an explosion at a pork processing factory in the suburbs of the western french city of nantes , officials said .
iraq has admitted holding ## more kuwaiti prisoners of war than it originally acknowledged but claims to have lost track of all of them , a kuwaiti official said thursday .
indian mps on thursday demanded a probe into the car crash of former president zail singh saying he could have been the victim of an assassination attempt .
the dollar rose to #.#### marks in early trading on thursday , recovering from a closing fall to #.#### marks in new york .
the state security court , bowing to western pressure , on thursday dropped separatism charges that carried the death penalty against eight kurdish former lawmakers and instead sentenced them to jail terms ranging from ## to three-and-a-half -lrb- eds : correct -rrb- years on less serious charges .
the sg warburg group is discussing a possible merger with morgan stanley group , the largest us merchant bank which would gain overall control , warburg said on thursday .
a woman drove for ## kilometers -lrb- eight miles -rrb- with a young boy <unk> on the bonnet of her car , his head through the windscreen , after apparently panicking following an accident , officials said .
magistrates in italy have appealed to president oscar luigi scalfaro for help in halting what they claim is an <unk> by the government to thwart corruption probes involving senior politicians .
the central council of the bundesbank held its key interest rates and repurchase rates unchanged at a meeting on thursday , the bank said .
suha arafat , wife of plo chairman yasser arafat , is pregnant with the couple 's first child , her spokeswoman told afp thursday .
tanzanian president ali hassan mwinyi has appointed economist jakaya <unk> kikwete , a retired army colonel , head of the scandal-hit finance ministry following the dissolution of the cabinet on sunday , the state house announced .
french foreign minister alain juppe warned thursday of a `` general conflagration '' of the bosnian conflict across the balkans if un troops withdraw from bosnia , but said such a scenario may become inevitable .
pete sampras is looking for an early christmas present when he meets fellow american michael chang in the quarter-finals of the six million dollar grand slam cup here thursday .
the future of thai prime minister chuan leekpai was thrown in doubt thursday after his coalition government lost a crucial vote in parliament .
the bosnian presidency building was hit by an anti-tank missile thursday , sparking a riposte by un troops against serb positions .
china has too many people and not enough names , so two government researchers have proposed inventing new ones .
a nine-year-old hanged herself from the balcony of her taipei home , the youngest person to have committed suicide in the country , officials said .
secessionist croatian serbs on thursday blocked a un aid convoy bound for the embattled un-declared `` safe area '' of bihac , in northwestern bosnia , unhcr spokesman peter kessler said here .
<unk> airways announced thursday that it was adding two more return flights per week between washington and johannesburg , bringing the number of its weekly connections between the two countries to six .
cambodia is likely to be granted observer status in the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- next year , the organization 's secretary general said thursday .
governors of the un nuclear watchdog , the iaea , began a meeting here thursday in which they will study progress in north korea following its recent landmark agreement to freeze its nuclear program .
representatives from the international contact group on bosnia were expected in sarajevo thursday to try and relaunch negotiations to settle the conflict in bosnia-hercegovina .
united nations forces in bosnia demanded thursday the immediate withdrawal of croat forces from the country .
russian legislators on thursday attacked president boris yeltsin for threatening a military intervention in chechnya and called for new elections to restore order in the breakaway republic .
south africa 's richest and most populous province , previously known by the acronym <unk> , was thursday renamed gauteng -- the <unk> word for `` place of gold .
six people died and ## were injured on thursday in a crash involving a truck and a double-decker bus carrying dutch tourists near regensburg in southern bavaria .
an egyptian deputy has been forced to take a literacy test to prove whether he can read and write , the head of the parliamentary press service told afp on thursday .
cambodian officials said thursday they knew nothing of king norodom sihanouk 's reported suggestion that sin song , accused in the july coup attempt , be allowed to seek asylum in a third country .
world squash number two peter marshall became the first englishman to reach a pakistan open final , beating compatriot del harris in the semi-finals here thursday .
british sky broadcasting -lrb- bskyb -rrb- on thursday announced it was fixing its global share offer at ### pence per share or ##.## dollars per american depositary share , valuing the company at about #.# billion pounds .
scores of cuban refugees tore down fences surrounding their campsite and hurled stones at us military vehicles as ### other refugees were preparing to board flights out of panama thursday .
nine malaysians were charged thursday with having illegal sex with a girl , aged under ## , recently embroiled in a scandal with a former state minister .
moslem militants on thursday shot and seriously wounded two villagers in a three-week-old feud between two families in southern egypt which has already left two people dead , police said .
the georgian parliament shut down on thursday after the heating went off and mps either went home or shivered over cups of tea , itar-tass reported .
england 's damon hill , runner-up to michael schumacher in this year 's formula one world championship , has been rewarded with a <unk> pay rise from the williams renault team .
some ## people were knifed thursday by a man at a shopping mall in birmingham , in central england , hospital officials said , adding that the motive of the attack was unknown .
shanghai prosecutors have cracked three cases of embezzlement involving a total of ###,### yuan -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- , the first on the cereal and oil futures exchange , a newspaper reported thursday .
the ira 's political wing , sinn fein , is looking ahead to talks friday with the british government `` in a positive mood , '' its president gerry adams said as he arrived here thursday from a trip to the united states .
bad weather forced representatives of the five-nation contact group on bosnia to call off a planned visit to sarajevo thursday , the united nations protection force said .
the central council of the bundesbank held its key interest rates and repurchase rates unchanged at a meeting on thursday , the bank said .
japan 's cabinet will hold a meeting next week to discuss bullying in schools after a report revealed that a rising number of incidents go unnoticed by teachers .
cash-strapped formula one team lotus announced here on thursday it was laying off all staff until december ## .
the thai military is preparing a protest note for cambodia over a raid on a border restaurant in which two thai police officers were killed , an official said thursday .
the angolan government and the rebel unita movement both reported renewed clashes across the country thursday and unita leader jonas savimbi said he would not attend a summit unless the government called off its military operations .
the london stock market marked time in the first half of the thursday session , waiting for a statement in the commons in the afternoon by chancellor of the exchequer kenneth clarke on budget issues .
a court here thursday charged several hundred auxiliary policemen with sedition and ordered their arrest , after a four-day mutiny was quashed by troops over the weekend , judicial officials said .
britain 's leading merchant bank sg warburg was contemplating thursday taking shelter under the us flag and `` combining its activities '' with morgan stanley , one of the top us merchant banks in what will be a first for the city .
belgian defense minister leo <unk> resigned thursday in the wake of corruption allegations over the financing of a house he bought in southern france , prime minister jean-luc dehaene announced .
a former prime minister on thursday resigned from parliament in protest at the peace treaty with israel , in jordan 's second political resignation in less than a week .
the united states officially ratified the gatt world trade agreement thursday when president bill clinton signed it into law .
a un protection force convoy with supplies for bangladeshi peace - keepers thursday was allowed into the embattled bosnian bihac enclave , a un spokeswoman said here .
international investors greeted south africa 's return to the world 's capital markets with such enthusiasm on thursday that its first global bond was increased from ### million dollars -lrb- #.## billion rand -rrb- to ### million dollars .
fifty-five canadian peacekeepers , held by bosnian serbs for the past two weeks , have been released , united nations protection force -lrb- unprofor -rrb- spokesman major herve gourmelon said here thursday .
leaders from ## countries of north , south , central america and the caribbean began converging on miami thursday for the first summit of the americas hosted by the united states .
iran 's official media said thursday the verdict in the trial of iranians accused of involvement in the murder of former prime minister shahpur bakhtiar in a paris suburb three years ago left tehran free of blame .
saudi arabia on thursday rejected accusations that it had violated yemeni territory saying new observation posts and roads built close to a disputed border area were on saudi soil .
english premier league club norwich are set to sign crewe striker ashley ward in a deal that could eventually be worth ###,### pounds to the second division club .
the frankfurt stock market slipped on thursday , despite publication of good economic growth figures for the third quarter , traders said .
franco-british engineering company gec alsthom was awarded an estimated ### million pound contract on thursday to build ### new trains for london underground , beating out <unk> group asea brown boveri -lrb- abb -rrb- .
britain will begin `` exploratory political dialogue '' with protestant loyalists in northern ireland on december ## , prime minister john major said thursday .
a controversial gubernatorial candidate was sworn in for the impoverished southern state of chiapas on thursday , despite threats by leftist rebels to resume hostilities .
the government has agreed to pay ###,### dollars to a female cia officer who said her career was ruined when officials accused her of being a drunken seductress after she reported a colleague for beating his wife .
a prominent pakistani opposition leader , chaudhry shujaat hussain , was rearrested here thursday about a week after his release on bail , police and witnesses said .
the swedish royal court is protesting a recent call by a social democratic mp for cuts in king carl xvi gustaf 's civil list , royal press secretary elisabeth <unk> said .
security forces arrested ## thieves on thursday for burgling houses after gaining entry by posing as islamic revolutionary guards , iranian television said .
bluechip prices on wall street edged up at thursday 's opening but investors were cautious about problems on the derivatives markets .
spain is sending an aircraft carrier to the adriatic following the intensification of the war in bosnia , the defense ministry in madrid announced thursday .
the united states officially ratified the gatt world trade agreement thursday when president bill clinton signed it into law .
celtic entertain hearts this saturday low on confidence after a humiliating defeat in the league cup final to first division raith and ## matches without victory in the scottish premier division .
a man wielding a knife , for no apparent reason set upon shoppers in a department store in this central english city thursday , wounding ## and triggering panic , police said .
a portrait of nazi war criminal hermann goering by jewish hungarian artist imre goth was withdrawn from an auction here thursday after no more than #,### pounds -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- was offered .
former governments in rwanda and burundi covered up massacres in the last ## years by massaging their population statistics , an article in the british science magazine nature said thursday .
the body of a crew member was recovered thursday but four people were still missing in a collision between two chinese ferries in the mouth of the pearl river , the hong kong government said .
chancellor of the exchequer kenneth clarke on thursday announced the government would hike indirect taxation on tobacco , road fuel and alcohol to make up a budget shortfall after being defeated over its tax proposals earlier in the week .
the national constitutional conference set up by nigeria 's military rulers ended its session thursday and will announce plans for a new constitution in january , official sources said .
the paris bourse lost ground on thursday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , off #.## percent by comparison with the wednesday close .
the state asked thursday for the death penalty for three members of south africa 's militant pan africanist congress -lrb- pac -rrb- convicted of killing four people in an attack on a tavern last year .
workmen were thursday trying to repair the traditional christmas tree in trafalgar square here after the upper part of its trunk was snapped off by a strong gust of wind during the night , officials said .
plo leader yasser arafat will briefly visit finland on sunday and will have talks with finnish president and prime minister , the finnish foreign ministry said here thursday .
the israeli government gave little indication thursday of the outcome of a marathon policy debate on the next stage of palestinian autonomy amid security fears .
former west ham manager billy bonds is to join english premiership club queens park rangers as youth team coach .
secessionist chechnya has released all russian soldiers it held prisoner , the head of a russian delegation here said thursday .
thai prime minister chuan leekpai lost a crucial vote in parliament thursday when the second-largest member of his five-party coalition bolted to vote with the opposition .
five indian states will go the the polls in february under tough measures introduced to curb electoral fraud , the election commission said in an order here thursday .
the united states is prepared to deploy ground troops to evacuate un peacekeepers from bosnia , a defense department official said thursday .
the german police made searches in ## cities on thursday in connection with a wide-ranging probe of fraud against the german government-owned telecommunications agency , deutsche telekom , cologne prosecutor juergen froehlich announced .
hindu priests launched a trust here friday to build a temple over the rubble of a ##th-century mosque , razed by hindu militants in the northern town of ayodhya two years ago , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- said .
the protagonists facing each other across the table in northern ireland peace talks that open here friday are both able , hard-nosed negotiators who have earned their stripes , and the regard of their peers .
world cup skiing here on december ## and ## has been canceled because of lack of snow , organizers said on thursday .
london stocks were little changed on thursday as the footsie ###-share index ended the day at #,###.# points , up a mere #.# points or #.## percent from the wednesday close .
a #,###-year-old `` iceman '' who was found on an alpine glacier three years ago has the lungs of a heavy smoker , an austrian scientist said thursday .
sri lankan security forces shot dead three tamil tiger guerrillas who had infiltrated a northern military base and killed another during fresh fighting in the east , officials said thursday .
wimbledon hard-man vinnie jones has been cleared to play for wales in next wednesday 's european championship qualifier against bulgaria after documentation cleared doubts on his heritage , his agent steve davis said here on thursday .
the united states is prepared to deploy ground troops if un peacekeepers are evacuated from bosnia , a defense department official said thursday .
the swedish government thursday allocated one million kronor -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- in aid to help russian authorities fight organized crime in saint petersburg .
european union leaders are expected to vote extra funds for northern ireland at their summit which starts here friday just as britain and the political wing of the irish republican army open historic peace talks in belfast .
a group of american jews , led by rabbi avi weiss , here thursday launched a protest campaign against what they called the `` obscenity '' of awarding the nobel peace prize to plo leader yasser arafat .
brazilian singer-composer antonio carlos jobim , famous for the lilting smash hit `` the girl from ipanema , '' died in hospital here thursday after undergoing a heart operation , hospital officials said .
french foreign minister alain juppe called on turkey to `` respect the fundamental rules of democracy '' following the sentencing thursday to ##-year jail terms of five former deputies of kurdish origin by an ankara court .
outgoing european commission -lrb- ec -rrb- president jacques delors , the star of a <unk> summit here ahead of a european summit proper , wound up debate thursday without giving anything away about his french presidential ambitions .
british government officials met in closed session thursday to study plans for the possible evacuation of britain 's #,### un troops from bosnia .
the state of health of prince bernhard of the netherlands is `` stable and worrying '' , a bulletin issued by doctors treating the father of reigning monarch queen beatrix said thursday .
output of the turkish auto industry plunged by ## percent in the year 's first ## months by comparison with the same period last year , from ###,### vehicles to ###,### , according to figures published on thursday by the turkish auto industry association .
the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya has released all the russian soldiers it was holding prisoner , the head of a russian delegation here said thursday .
german chemical <unk> henkel kgaa said thursday it was setting up a joint venture in shanghai , china , with two chinese firms to turn out <unk> products .
the us postal service announced thursday after japanese and white house pressure it will withdraw a stamp showing a mushroom cloud rising over hiroshima after it was bombed in world war ii .
the israeli government gave little indication thursday of the outcome of a marathon policy debate on the next stage of palestinian autonomy amid security fears .
liberian civilian and factional leaders are to return to ghana at the weekend for yet more talks in a five-week-old `` last '' bid to end the fighting , ghanaian state radio said thursday .
former basketball star michael jordan says he would not cross picket lines to fulfil his new dream of playing major league baseball .
nigerian striker yussef omar who plays for the egyptian club alexandria olympic has tested hiv positive and must leave the country , club president mahmud bakr told afp here thursday .
brazilian singer-composer antonio carlos jobim , famous for the carefree and sexy song `` the girl from ipanema , '' died in hospital here thursday of heart failure , hospital officials said .
newly-elected opposition lawmakers from mozambique 's former guerilla movement renamo and another party walked out of the new parliament 's opening session thursday after the vote to elect the new speaker .
two british journalists , <unk> simson and andrew jennings , were found guilty of libel here on thursday after writing a book which attacked olympic chief juan antonio samaranch .
sudan 's security services have arrested scores of lawyers , doctors and engineers in khartoum in recent days and tortured two of them , the union of arab lawyers said here thursday .
president nelson mandela , visiting crumbling shantytowns around johannesburg thursday , appealed to south africans to judge his government fairly and not to expect `` miracles '' .
everton 's joe royle and aston villa 's brian little meet head on at villa park on saturday in the latest episode of the premiership survival saga .
south africa will write off #.# billion rand -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- of pre-independence debt , president nelson mandela 's office said thursday .
bruce grobbelaar 's reply to bribery allegations is being delayed due to problems with the release of material by the sun newspaper , his lawyer claimed here on thursday .
narcotics officers pursuing a fishing boat found nearly ## tonnes of hashish aboard when it crashed on to a beach in northwestern spain , customs officials said thursday .
us commerce secretary ron brown leaves here monday to attend a conference on northern ireland aimed at boosting investment in the province following the peace agreement .
saudi arabia on thursday rejected accusations that it had violated yemeni territory , saying new observation posts and roads built close to a disputed border area were on saudi soil .
the judicial authorities in <unk> in southern germany have opened an investigation into allegations that two german mercenaries murdered two of their comrades at mostar in bosnia last year , court officials said thursday .
prime minister john major told the house of commons thursday that he has not ruled out holding a referendum on british acceptance of a single european currency .
belgian defense minister leo <unk> resigned thursday over corruption allegations , and was almost immediately replaced by his flemish <unk> party colleague karel pinxten , officials said .
prime minister silvio berlusconi 's spokesman has accused a top anti- corruption magistrate who resigned tuesday of abusing his authority as public prosecutor and said the press had magnified his power .
the us telecommunications giant att filed documents with authorities thursday indicating that british telecom would sell the ##.# million att shares that it holds .
a surface-to-air missile was fired over the base of un peacekeepers in bihac in northwest bosnia thursday , a un spokesman said .
spanish aristocrats real madrid , humiliated by danish outsiders odense in the uefa cup on tuesday , will be aiming to appease angry fans by thrashing lowly oviedo on sunday .
art monk , american football 's all-time leading receiver , should pull down another record here saturday by catching a pass in his ###th consecutive game .
socialist european commission chief jacques delors would defeat his conservative challengers in france 's presidential elections next spring , an opinion poll said thursday , the sixth in a row to predict the ##-year-old 's victory .
the arab league on thursday backed libya 's refusal to hand over to the united states or britain the two suspects in the december #### airliner bombing over lockerbie , scotland , that killed ### people .
about ### villagers packed a courthouse thursday in a show of support for a rooster whose owner is being sued for disturbing the peace .
general j. h. binford peay , commander-in-chief of the us central command , had talks with pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto here thursday on regional security , officials said .
more than #,### cuban boat people held at two of the four us-run encampments in panama 's canal zone have begun to rebel , a spokesman for the us southern command said here .
president abdur rahman biswas on thursday suspended the ##th session of bangladesh 's national parliament amid an opposition boycott and threats to resign from the legislature by the end of december .
un special representative to rwanda shaharyar khan has said he believes the rwandan government lacks both the means and the money to be able to govern properly .
major league baseball coaches frank white , dave duncan and jim lefebvre will conduct clinics throughout europe next month as part of a program to bring the us pastime global attention .
suspected bosnian serbs fired a surface-to-air missile a over the base of un peacekeepers in bihac in northwest bosnia thursday , a un spokesman said .
bastia 's laurent <unk> has been suspended after breaking the nose of monaco 's eric di meco during a riot which interrupted a french league match last month .
bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen said here thursday she would like to return home after her trial for criticising the koran , which opens in dhaka saturday .
jordan and the palestinians agreed thursday to exchange information ahead of a census of palestinian refugees from the #### arab-israeli war living in jordan .
the deputy leader of the french far-right national front -lrb- nf -rrb- pledged after talks with iraqi officials here thursday to lobby hard for the lifting of un sanctions imposed on baghdad after its august #### invasion of kuwait .
goran ivanisevic thrashed boris becker #-# , #-# here on thursday to line up a semi-final clash with pete sampras in the grand slam cup .
a new york judge gave the green light thursday for federated department stores to buy the failed macy 's chain and create the country 's largest department store network .
burglars stole documents and computer disks from the center for palestinian lands , a plo institution which collects data on land expropriated by israel in the west bank , officials at the center said here thursday .
wall street share prices fell sharply in new york on thursday afternoon , losing more than ## points as the dow jones index fell below the #,###-point psychological barrier .
a group of ## sperm whales died on a scottish beach thursday , hours after a school of seven or eight killer whales swam off from another island bay , animal rights group said here .
goran ivanisevic crushed boris becker #-# , #-# here on thursday to line up a semi-final clash with pete sampras in the grand slam cup .
major andrew parker-bowles , the long-suffering and usually silent husband of prince charles ' supposed mistress camilla parker-bowles , broke silence thursday with a <unk> utterance .
rain intervened in a free-scoring one-day international between sri lanka and new zealand on thursday , just as the kiwis looked set to chase the indian ocean islanders mammoth total of ### runs for four wickets .
unidentified gunmen killed a ##-year-old student and hurt nine others when they opened fire at the entrance of a high school at boufarik , ## kilometers -lrb- ## miles -rrb- south of here , algerian television said thursday .
french league leaders nantes booked their place in the uefa cup quarter-finals with a #-# aggregate victory over sion on thursday night .
russia will ask friday to join the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- , the body being set up in geneva to replace the general agreement on tariffs and trade -lrb- gatt -rrb- , russian deputy prime minister oleg davydov said thursday .
more than #,### cuban boat people held at two of the four us-run encampments in panama 's canal zone have rebelled against camp authorities , a spokesman for the us southern command said here .
the literary editor of the centre-left guardian newspaper resigned thursday amid allegations that he was a kgb agent during the cold war .
the united states raised human rights concerns in turkey thursday after a court in ankara sentenced eight former kurdish deputies to heavy jail terms .
world and olympic champion katja seizinger of germany had the best downhill training run thursday in preparation for friday 's women 's world cup ski race .
the chicago mercantile exchange announced thursday it was setting up the world 's first computerised deposit system for guarantees for swaps trades in a bid to stabilise the high-risk derivatives market .
zimbabwe 's nick price was voted pga tour player of the year by his fellow players in results of balloting released thursday .
royal ulster constabulary chief constable sir hugh annesley has appointed a senior detective to lead a team investigating some ## child sex abuse inquiries in northern ireland , police sources said thursday .
blue-chip shares lost nearly ## points thursday in a slide that accelerated on late program trading after the dow jones industrial average fell below the #,###-point psychological barrier .
brazilian singer-composer antonio carlos jobim , famous for the carefree and sexy song `` the girl from ipanema , '' died in hospital here thursday of heart failure , hospital officials said .
the dollar remained firm against other major currencies here late thursday in calm trading reassured by the healthy us economy .
the deputy leader of the irish republican sinn fein party said here late thursday his historic talks with british officials due to open friday would not mark the end of the struggle for a united ireland .
a collection of treasures from the stately home of houghton hall , described as the `` sale of the decade '' , fetched ##,###,### pounds -lrb- ##,###,### dollars -rrb- thursday at london auction house christies .
the dollar opened higher at ###.## yen in tokyo on friday , up #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen .
share prices opened slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange on friday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points , or #.## percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
the mother of tennis star vitas gerulaitis is seeking permission to inspect the site where her son died of carbon monoxide poisoning as a possible prelude to a lawsuit .
darryl strawberry , an all-star baseball player whose on-field exploits have often been overshadowed by off-field problems , was charged with tax evasion on thursday .
hundreds of cuban refugees broke out of a us holding camp in panama thursday on the second day of rioting that injured about ### us troops , us officials said .
illegal foreign exchange dealers face up to two years in jail and a fine of ###,### naira -lrb- #,### dollars -rrb- under a military government decree disclosed thursday by the official news agency of nigeria -lrb- nan -rrb- .
the united states and six other countries agreed to take measures thursday to preserve coral reefs which they described as the `` rainforests of the ocean , '' the state department said in a statement .
moody 's investors service gave a baa# rating thursday to the ### million dollar global bond issued by south africa , the first such issuance by the newly-elected government .
the national hockey league , its season on hold because of labor strife , canceled the #### all-star game on thursday .
ben crenshaw and phil mickelson , among the favorites in the inaugural diners club matches golf tournament , instead found themselves in the water and out of contention on the first day thursday .
the literary editor of the guardian newspaper , richard <unk> , denied allegations he had been a paid agent of the kgb in an open letter published in friday 's edition of the paper .
dennis rodman played truant from duty with the san antonio spurs again on thursday , failing to appear for a national basketball association game against utah .
the us navy has ordered a <unk> nuclear-powered aircraft carrier to be built at a newport news , virginia shipyard , the pentagon said thursday .
if baseball owners impose a salary cap next week , agents will consider a freeze on all contract signings in support of striking players , agents said here on thursday .
human rights watch\/asia has condemned death threats by beijing police to wang dan after the dissident filed a suit against them , saying the action demonstrated china 's disregard for the rule of law .
hong kong share prices plunged nearly three percent upon opening friday , on the back of the weak us market , with the key hang seng index sliding ###.## points to #,###.## .
a royal navy frigate will visit new zealand next year , the first since #### , prime minister jim bolger said friday .
john elliott , former chairman of australian agricultural and brewing giant elders ixl , was committed to stand trial here friday on charges relating to a bogus multi-million dollar foreign-exchange deal .
the government recorded an operating surplus of ### million nz dollars -lrb- ### million us dollars -rrb- in the first four months of the financial year , to october ## , compared with a forecast ### million dollars deficit , the treasury said friday .
the philippine senate , amid mounting opposition , said it has postponed indefinitely friday 's scheduled treaty ratification vote on the uruguay round accords of the general agreement on tariffs and trade -lrb- gatt -rrb- .
tamil tiger guerrillas ambushed a group of elite police commandos in eastern sri lanka , killing five in retaliation for the loss of at least one of their own fighters , defense sources said friday .
president bill clinton said thursday he will convene governors , both democrats and republicans , to a conference on welfare reform next month .
striking textile mill workers at a south korean-owned joint venture in vietnam have returned to work after managers agreed to a pay rise and improved conditions , a report said friday .
china is to send ### delegates to the world youth day celebrations in the philippines next month , where ###,### young people from around the world will be addressed by pope john paul ii , organizers said friday .
some ### schoolchildren died in a blaze in a cinema in the oil town of karamay in northwestern china 's xinjiang province , a spokesman for the china oil and gas corp. , which owns the cinema , said .
shanghai has put ## buildings on its waterfront bund for sale and banque indosuez is among the first banks to signal its intent to move back to its old office , a newspaper reported friday .
laotian deputy prime minister <unk> <unk> has died in vientiane of heart failure , the local office of the laotian news agency kpl said friday .
an indian judge has invoked indian and western literary works to come to the defense of a female lawyer who triggered a furore by posing semi-nude for a pin-up magazine , a newspaper said friday .
indian communists plan to name a street in calcutta after the founder of the german firm siemens in a move which a newspaper said friday was in keeping with the changing times .
november turnover on the china foreign exchange trade system rose ## percent to #.## billion dollars from #.## billion dollars in october , an exchange official said friday .
polish president lech walesa arrived here friday for two days of talks focusing on economic cooperation with south korea .
hong kong stock prices plummeted #.## percent in panic selling in the morning session friday on the back of a weaker us market .
us accounting firm price waterhouse 's joint venture company here opened a center friday to train chinese professional accountants .
at least ### schoolchildren and adults died in a cinema blaze in the oil town of karamay in northwestern china 's xinjiang province , a local education commission official said by telephone friday .
two top policemen involved in the fight against `` economic crimes '' in vietnam 's richest province have been arrested on charges of taking bribes , a report said friday .
england pace bowler joey benjamin here friday became the second ashes tourist claimed by chickenpox , following strike bowler devon malcolm .
a fire on thursday in a movie theater in the chinese town of karamay that killed at least ### people is among the deadliest fires of the last two decades .
share prices lost ground on the tokyo stock exchange friday as arbitrage-linked selling eroded early gains near the end of trading .
counting of the millions of votes cast in crucial indian state elections began friday , and the first results were expected any time , an official spokesman said .
israel 's yitzhak rabin and shimon peres set off for oslo on friday , as did plo chairman yasser arafat , where all three will meet to be awarded the #### nobel peace prize , officials said .
the commercial rand continued to dip slightly against the u.s. dollar at the opening here friday , trading at #.#### \/ ## compared to wednesday 's close of #.#### \/ ## .
british major general rupert smith will replace his <unk> lieutenant general michael rose as commander of united nations forces in bosnia when rose 's one year term ends on january ## , the new york times said friday .
mozambique was due friday to swear in joaquim alberto chissano as its first president ever to be elected by a democratic multi-party vote .
a leading kenyan islamic militant has been stripped of his kenyan citizenship and told to go to yemen , newspapers here reported friday .
three italian tourists died and two others were injured thursday in an accident on the road between mombasa and nairobi , kenyan police said friday .
an officer in the united states armed forces drowned thursday during a diving exercise in the lake at <unk> in southern germany , police said friday .
two ethnic vietnamese fishermen were killed and two injured by unidentified cambodians near phnom penh , the vietnamese embassy said here friday .
fourteen labourers were killed and ## injured when a truck taking them home overturned after hitting another lorry in northern egypt , police said friday .
some ### firefighters and residents with garden hoses managed to extinguish a fire that charred ## hectares -lrb- ### acres -rrb- of hillside brush behind some expensive malibu beachfront homes , but the area remained under alert .
england and the australian cricket academy will play two one-day matches here on saturday and sunday after the first day 's play of their scheduled three-day clash was washed out friday .
england will get their wish after rain intervened friday forcing their three-day tour match with the australian cricket academy into two one - day matches here saturday and sunday .
the australian rugby union -lrb- aru -rrb- said friday they had instructed their solicitors to prepare draft contracts for members of the wallaby squad as momentum builds towards fulltime professionalism .
leading american coach bob kersee friday demanded stricter national athletic control and action as the first group of united states athletes left australia following the cancellation of an international indoor series here .
leaders of the european union on friday began a two-day summit due to focus on plans to expand the union into eastern europe but overshadowed by the bosnian crisis .
hundreds of buildings in the los angeles area suffered structural damage in a strong earthquake early this year and are at risk of collapsing in another temblor , a seismologist warned .
a un convoy transporting food and other material to bangladeshi peacekeepers arrived in the embattled northwestern bosnian pocket of bihac overnight , un officials said friday .
jordan and israel will open temporary embassies in tel aviv and amman on sunday following the october signing of a peace treaty , the foreign ministry announced .
norwegian consumer prices rose #.# percent in november from october , and were up #.# percent higher than in november last year , the national statistics office announced here on friday .
most japanese public workers , including prime minister tomiichi murayama , received their winter bonuses on friday , but the amounts were smaller than those of last year because of recession , officials said .
al alternate jury of nine women and three men , seven of them black , four whites and one hispanic , has been selected for the double murder trial of former football star o.j. simpson .
the democratic socialist party -lrb- dsp -rrb- , a medium-sized party formed ## years ago , dissolved itself on friday to join the new frontier party , an alliance gathering all of japan 's non-communist opposition groups .
an observer mission of european parliamentarians friday declared namibia 's first post-independence election free and fair , praising the government for the way the two-day exercise was run .
share prices fell through the key #,### point in early trading on friday , slumping in reaction to falls on wall street overnight , dealers said .
an australian medical tribunal on friday reprimanded a surgeon after four women who underwent operations on the same day at his clinic were infected with the hiv virus .
an ambitious plan by us senators to fly across the heavily armed korean border has been aborted , and the congressmen will instead enter north korea via beijing , us and south korean officials said friday .
a malawi court has dismissed a government bid to repossess four regional offices of the malawi congress party -lrb- mcp -rrb- of former president kamuzu banda , the daily times reported friday .
a cambodian reporter who worked for a local newspaper was killed late thursday in central kompong cham province , according to statements by the government and the newspaper 's editor friday .
the dollar rose in early trading on friday to its highest level since mid-october of ###.## yen from ###.## at the previous london close , dealers said .
heads of government from the ##-member commonwealth of independent states met in moscow on friday for a one-day conference on tightening economic links .
the kaufhof retail group expects operating profits from its traditional business to fall sharply in #### because the german retail sector was depressed , the company said on friday .
rain washed out the opening day of the new south <unk> sheffield shield cricket match here friday .
joaquim chissano was sworn in friday as mozambique 's first democratically-elected president in a further step towards peace in the war weary southern african nation .
three people have been jailed for negligence in connection with a massive gas explosion that ripped through a mine in china 's eastern jiangsu province in <unk> killing ## workers , a newspaper reported friday .
negotiating teams for the british government and the sinn fein political wing of the irish republican army opened preliminary peace talks here friday , the first such official talks in ulster 's ##-year civil conflict .
at least ## prisoners escaped during a mass breakout friday from greece 's top prison at korydallos , a suburb of port city of piraeus , near athens , police said .
a senior us envoy arrived here friday to brief lebanese leaders on the latest middle east peace mission by secretary of state warren christopher , officials said .
security officers frisking people for dangerous weapons on their way into the european union summit conference center collected a prodigious quantity of swiss <unk> friday .
israel 's nobel peace prize winners , prime minister yitzhak rabin and foreign minister shimon peres , arrived here friday for talks with fellow laureate yasser arafat amid tight security on the eve of the award ceremony .
the one million palestinians living on the west bank went on strike friday to mark the seventh anniversary of the intifada , or uprising against the israeli occupation , correspondents reported .
nato will no longer accept `` paralysing '' working conditions in bosnia and will need a single command if it pulls its forces out , willy claes , secretary general of the north atlantic treaty organization said friday .
a unit of the french sncf railway company is to coordinate studies for a projected high-speed train link from moscow to saint petersburg , the company , <unk> , said on friday .
the white house , anticipating similar moves by republican lawmakers , is considering drastic cuts in the federal government that could include eliminating some departments , the washington post said friday .
india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party was trailing in a key southern state as counting began friday of millions of votes cast in staggered elections , state-run television said .
rwanda 's vice-president and defense minister paul kagame has paid a ##,###-dollar loan lent to him by a uganda bank in #### , the official new vision newspaper reported friday .
european union monitors will stay on in former yugoslavia even if the united nations pulls out its forces , a senior eu offcial said friday .
hong kong stock prices plummeted #.## percent in panic selling friday on the heels of a plunge on wall street , leading a fall throughout the region that also saw the australian bourse hit a ##-month low .
moslem militants shot dead two policemen as they guarded a railway depot on friday in southern egypt in the third lethal attack in the past three days , police said .
two britons caught smuggling drugs into france from belgium were jailed for four years each by a court in this northern french town , judicial sources said friday .
two journalists from the western polish town of poznan face up to two years in prison for falsely reporting a stolen car and then driving around town in the vehicle to test the efficiency of the local police , media reports said friday .
nato ambassadors friday welcomed the united states ' expressed readiness to send in ground forces to bosnia to facilitate a possible withdrawal of un troops , diplomats said here .
british prime minister john major friday called on his european union partners to reduce restrictions on imports from the booming economies of southeast asia .
sudan and iraq have agreed to set up a joint company for oil exploration , investment and refining , the two countries ' oil ministers said .
danish voters want to keep the <unk> and exemptions from the european union 's maastricht treaty on closer political and economic ties that they won in #### , an opinion poll published in copenhagen friday showed .
british prime minister john major friday called on his european union partners to reduce restrictions on imports from the booming economies of southeast asia .
a car caught fire friday as it was being loaded onto a shuttle train in the channel tunnel at the folkestone terminal on the english side , <unk> owner eurotunnel said .
pope john paul ii defended the role of women at all levels of society friday and denounced abuses perpetrated against them in his annual message for world peace day to be celebrated on january # .
norway 's retail trade increased by #.# percent in october from the figure for october #### and rose by #.# percent in the period january - october compared to the same period last year , the national statistics office announced here on friday .
inter-clan warfare raging in medina , a southern mogadishu district , since tuesday has left at least ## people dead and more than ### wounded , correspondents on the scene said friday .
six passengers and three crew members aboard a japan air system airbus were injured friday when the airplane , which was carrying ### people , encountered turbulence , the transport ministry said .
the first official northern ireland peace talks in ## years between the british government and the sinn fein political wing of the irish republican army ended after three-and-a-half hours on an optimistic note .
with italy beset by mushrooming allegations of corruption against leading public figures , appeal court officials friday explained their decision to transfer one of the most delicate graft enquiries from milan to nearby brescia .
the frankfurt stock market lost ground on friday in low-level trading depressed by wall street 's fall on thursday , traders said .
thirty-eight prisoners escaped during a mass breakout friday from greece 's top prison at korydallos , a suburb of port city of piraeus , near athens , but ## were quickly re-arrested , justice minister georges <unk> said .
israeli foreign minister shimon peres on friday played down hopes of an agreement here on holding palestinian elections as he and prime minister yitzhak rabin prepared to meet with fellow nobel peace prize laureate yasser arafat .
german chancellor helmut kohl rallied european union support friday for kurdish former deputies jailed in turkey , as the eu summit prepared to dispatch a troika of ministers to ankara to challenge the verdict .
european leaders all climbed aboard a bus to take them for their first lunch of the eu summit in essen , germany on friday .
defending champion jansher khan retained the pakistan open squash championship title after defeating peter marshall of england in an epic final here friday .
the first official peace talks in ## years between the british government and the sinn fein political wing of the irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb- adjourned after three-and-a-half hours friday until december ## .
the archbishop of canterbury george carey arrived here friday to attend celebrations to mark the ###th year of the anglican church in kenya , officials said .
the board of governors of the un nuclear watchdog body , the iaea , friday `` noted with satisfaction '' the first steps in cooperation with north korea , spokesman david <unk> said .
the russian federation applied on friday for membership in the future world trade organization , world trade chief peter sutherland announced in geneva .
a norwegian court decided friday to allow palestinian hijacker soraya ansari to stay in norway , where she has lived for the last three years .
sweden 's national museum in stockholm has turned the focus of art on people not normally able to appreciate its beauty -- the blind .
the cambodian government 's conflict with the khmer rouge will not adversely affect the country 's hopes of joining the association of southeast asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- , according to the organization 's secretary general .
a leftist demonstration against the european union summit taking place in essen has again been banned , police said friday after warning of possible anarchist violence .
the seat car company friday rejected press reports that it would not make a profit until #### .
the establishment of a protection agency for the endangered species means indonesia expects to have about #,### sumatran <unk> rhinoceros by #### , antara said friday .
american rabbi avi weiss and three of his assistants were arrested here friday during protests against the award of the nobel peace prize to plo leader yasser arafat , police said .
two indian border guards and a civilian were killed in this kashmir summer capital friday when moslem separatists ambushed a patrol in a busy quarter , police said .
kenyan lawyers have filed a private prosecution suit against a former central bank governor , two former finance ministry officials and a businessman for allegedly defrauding the government of ### million dollars .
the trial against former christian warlord samir geagea was adjourned friday for nine days to await a decision on whether he is to remain imprisoned in lebanon 's defense ministry .
wall street prices were lower in early trading friday following the sharp fall on the market the previous day .
russia got tough with its commonwealth of independent states -lrb- cis -rrb- partners on friday , declaring that starting next year it will demand up-front payments for goods to combat mounting debts .
wales ' european championship plans suffered a major set-back friday when four players withdrew from the squad for next wednesday 's vital clash with bulgaria in cardiff .
plo chief yasser arafat arrived here friday on the eve of the nobel peace prize ceremony declaring it was a `` great day '' for the middle east peace process .
a high-ranking nato committee set up to examine the alliance 's eastwards expansion began meeting delegates from the ## member states here friday , diplomats said .
pro-reformist members of parliament savaged president boris yeltsin for his hardline policy in chechnya friday , saying he risked losing the support of the people and threatening to call for his impeachment .
the image of islam has been unfairly tarnished around the world and must be improved , the head of the organization of the islamic conference charged friday ahead of the oic summit in casablanca .
the russian federation council or upper house friday conditionally ratified an extension of states of emergency in the caucasus republics of north ossetia and ingushetia , which neighbor secessionist chechnya .
swedish insurance firm skandia said friday that it had sold its german subsidiary , skandia <unk> ag , to german company <unk> <unk> ag for an unannounced amount .
a british car <unk> reading <unk> fetched only ##,### pounds -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- at a sale at london auctioneers christie 's friday .
brazil 's supreme federal tribunal , which is hearing fernando collor de mello 's corruption trial , friday threw out part of the evidence against the former president .
a ##-year-old boy , knocked off his bicycle and driven ## kilometers -lrb- eight miles -rrb- <unk> on a car bonnet with his head through the windscreen , died of his injuries friday , police said .
a prison service report into security at a vancouver institution lambasted the prison for lax security following the death of a british woman making a conjugal visit to her husband , a newspaper said friday .
around ### litres of radioactive liquid spilled onto a road near yekaterinburg in the urals when two tanks began leaking after an accident , the russian state atomic surveillance committee reported .
the paris bourse suffered a substantial loss on friday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , off #.## percent by comparison with the thursday close .
turkish president suleyman demirel on friday rejected criticism by some european states of jail terms recently handed down to eight deputies of kurdish origin for sedition and `` membership of an armed gang .
israel 's proxy militia wounded two young lebanese girls on friday in shelling in southern lebanon , the day after nine of their force were killed by hezbollah guerrillas , police said .
the london stock market was hit by a sizable loss on friday as the footsie index shed ##.# points or #.# percent to end at #,###.# points .
china 's dong jiong scored a shock upset over defending champion and the world 's top player joko suprianto of indonesia ##-## , ##-## , ##-## in the men 's singles category in the world grand prix badminton finals here friday .
european football 's governing body uefa hit out at fifa here on friday , accusing the game 's world authority of unfair selection of committee members .
the bosnian serbs lifted all so-called checkpoints around sarajevo friday , allowing through convoys both from the un protection force -lrb- unprofor -rrb- and the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- , officials said .
calm returned to us-run camps for cuban refugees near the panama canal friday , as us authorities sought to make sure that escapees from earlier disturbances had been recaptured .
the major trading powers have agreed to step up efforts to reach an early consensus on appointment of the first director general of the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- , officials said here friday .
nudist skiers will be able test a new cross country route this winter in austria , specially reserved for them .
europe 's spell of warm weather wrought further havoc with the cross country skiing world cup calendar on friday , with the cancellation of this weekend 's races at ramsau , austria .
tottenham hotspur won their appeals here on friday against the deduction of six points and a ban from the fa cup handed out by the english football association .
president boris yeltsin directly threatened the separatist president of chechnya on friday by authorizing military intervention to clamp down on rebel armed groups .
the islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- friday marked the seventh anniversary of the intifada or uprising against the israeli occupation , with speeches blasting the plo self-rule deal and a play ridiculing palestinian police .
turkish police arrested five people after catching them in possession of #.## million dollars worth of fake bills in ### dollar notes , the anatolia news agency quoted istanbul police as saying friday .
russia is to supply arms to south korea to settle its #.## billion dollar debt with seoul , itar-tass reported friday , following the signing of a protocol between moscow 's state arms dealer and seoul 's defense ministry .
south african president nelson mandela expressed his support for angola 's peace process in a meeting friday in mozambique with angolan president jose eduardo dos santos , mandela 's office said .
the united nations is looking to eradicate poverty and under development as well as create jobs and aid social integration for those on the fringes of society at its summit on social development scheduled for march # to ## in copenhagen , organisers said here friday .
six neo-nazi youths were given jail terms here friday ranging from a one-year suspended to two years imprisonment for attacks on two foreigners last year , judicial sources said .
copper soared ## dollars to close at #,### dollars per tonne on friday , six dollars below its september #### high at #,### dollars per tonne , on large-scale stock downdraws , dealers said .
england are to play uruguay in a friendly international at wembley on march ## , uruguayan football association president carlos maresca announced here on friday .
the european commission is to propose raising some #.# billion dollars in fresh revenue to finance a five-year transportation plan , finance commissioner henning christophersen said here friday .
the dollar hit its highest level against the mark since early august on friday on the london foreign exchange market , and a peak against the yen since early october , but then eased on market worries about the financial plight of orange county , california , forex traders said .
a crowd of around ### londoners observed a minute 's silence friday as the funeral procession of train robber buster edwards passed near his flower stand at waterloo station .
nobel peace laureate yasser arafat , under pressure from israel to bring the islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- under control , blamed the jewish state for having allowed the rise of the group at the forefront of anti-israeli attacks .
tottenham hotspur won their appeals here on friday against the deduction of six points and a ban from the fa cup handed out by the english football association .
nobel peace laureate yasser arafat , under pressure from israel to bring the islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- under control , blamed the jewish state itself for having authorised the formation of the group now intent on wrecking the current peace process .
shares on the stock exchange eased this week after the government hiked interest rates by #.# percent to #.## percent and lifted taxes on tobacco , alcohol and petrol from january # , potentially hitting christmas sales , dealers said .
the dollar rose against major currencies except the yen at midday here in quiet trading dominated by profit-taking .
corruption investigator antonio di pietro met with president luigi scalfaro friday fuelling rumors that after his spectacular resignation announcement earlier this week he could join a future government , even becoming interim prime minister if silvio berlusconi is toppled .
world motorsport 's ruling body has cleared the way for a european grand prix at the nurburgring next season , but there are doubts over both races in italy .
a car fire at folkestone terminal of the channel tunnel on friday will cause a few days ' delay in authorization for private cars to travel on the tunnel shuttle , sources said late friday at the paris offices of the franco-british intergovernmental commission in charge of such approval .
when president bill clinton welcomes ## heads of government here this weekend , there will be a lot of work to do , and a bit of official play .
the frankfurt stock market remained dominated primarily by wall street this week , and the market was depressed by the generally disappointing earnings announced by big banks .
european union leaders adopted friday a commission strategy for expanding the union into eastern europe , a spokesman for the german presidency said .
two people died and ## others were hurt friday when two trains collided near the central polish town of <unk> , fire-fighters said .
the arab league friday urged moslem leaders at the organisation of the islamic conference summit in morocco to take action to help bosnian moslems and libya .
a total of ### banks from ## countries are now operating across china , ## years after the sector was opened up to foreign players , xinhua news agency said friday .
plo chief and father-to-be yasser arafat responded jokingly friday when asked whether he would step down from politics to take care of his new family .
andre agassi swore at an umpire and then appeared to hit a ball at him , before losing to davis cup hero magnus larsson in the quarter - finals of the grand slam cup here on friday .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin and foreign minister shimon peres , in oslo to collect their nobel peace prizes , were booed in the streets by jewish demonstrators after a visit to a synagogue on friday as they walked back to their hotel .
a party close to northern ireland 's protestant militias threatened friday to boycott talks with london next week after a local councillor from the irish republic joined a meeting of british and sinn fein officials .
media pressure group reporters sans frontieres -lrb- rsf -rrb- friday called on un security council members to ban the activities of exiled rwandan journalists and stop their `` propagandist '' publications in zaire and kenya .
a first contingent of un troops due to monitor the fragile peace process in angola will arrive here next week , un representative alioune blondin beye said friday .
america 's picabo street won the first world cup downhill race at this resort in alberta friday .
european union leaders adopted friday a commission strategy for expanding the union into eastern europe , a spokesman for the german presidency said .
alain prost , france 's four-times formula one world champion , is to receive the order of the british empire , the british embassy announced here on friday .
northern ireland is to receive an additional ### million ecus -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in special european union aid to help the peace process there , officials said at the eu summit friday .
massachusetts democrat john kerry , regarded as one of the us senate 's most eligible bachelors , will marry the widow of a former republican colleague , the boston globe newspaper reported friday .
german runners grit breuer and manuela <unk> , who have drug bans lasting until next august , signed up for a new athletics club here on friday .
moscow mayor yury luzhkov asked russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin on friday for help with a worsening food crisis in moscow , the russian interfax news agency , monitored by the bbc , reported .
palestinians have set up their first consumers association in ramallah in the occupied west bank to prevent out-of-date food being sold in markets .
the international atomic energy agency 's ## governors ended a meeting of the iaea council friday agreeing to go over budget next year to finance steps to combat nuclear smuggling , an iaea spokesman said .
surgeon general joycelyn elders has resigned , the white house said friday , making her the second senior administration official to go since last month 's democratic defeat at the polls .
french president francois mitterrand 's former chief of staff gilles menage was charged here friday with tapping the private phones of people including the actress carole bouquet , informed sources said .
andre agassi swore at an umpire and then appeared to hit a ball at him , before losing to davis cup hero magnus larsson in the grand slam cup quarter-finals here on friday .
andre agassi swore at an umpire and then appeared to hit a ball at him , before losing to davis cup hero magnus larsson in the grand slam cup quarter-finals here on friday .
surgeon general joycelyn elders has resigned , the white house said friday , making her the second senior administration official to go since last month 's democratic defeat at the polls .
yemeni president ali abdallah saleh and saudi king fahd held talks over the telephone friday in a bid to ease tension in their disputed border regions after clashes which left three yemenis wounded , officials said .
some ## million russians are living on the poverty line , deputy prime minister yuri yarov told lawmakers friday , outlining a series of measures to tackle the crisis , the ria news agency reported .
israel and syria will hold talks soon in washington which will pave the way to the resumption of bilateral peace negotiations after a nine-month suspension , syrian foreign minister faruq al-shara said friday .
the aids virus is god 's punishment for those who infringe his laws , moslem prayer leaders told worshippers at united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- mosques friday .
the united states will set up meetings between syrian and israeli officials in washington with a view to resuming official negotiations , the state department said friday .
the us government banned friday atr commuter planes from flight in icy conditions following the crash of an american eagle plane in october and new evidence that the planes may be unsafe .
kuwait 's parliament speaker ahmad saadun said friday his country was grateful for syria 's participation in the us-led coalition which ended iraq 's seven-month occupation of kuwait in february #### .
around ## lebanese intellectuals on friday called for anti-corruption and anti-drug campaigns after charges of bribery , fraud and drug - trafficking among top officials rocked the country .
olympic silver medallist picabo street of the united states flashed to her first world cup victory friday , easily winning the first of two downhills scheduled here this weekend .
the dollar posted mixed results in trading against major currencies friday with activity remaining calm as the end of the year approaches .
french president francois mitterrand 's former chief of staff gilles menage was charged here friday with tapping the private phones of people including the actress carole bouquet , informed sources said .
us military authorities tightened security at holding camps for cuban refugees in panama friday after rioting there injured ### soldiers and ## cubans .
brazilian singer-composer antonio carlos jobim , one of the fathers of the bossa nova , was buried friday at the sao joao batista cemetery during a funeral attended by hundreds of fans .
the dow posted slight gains on late trading friday , recapturing losses after automatic safeguards kicked in to halt wide fluctuations due to computer selling .
the lower house of the russian parliament on friday called on president boris yeltsin to suspend a decree issued in july launching the second phase of russia 's privatization program , the interfax news agency reported .
doctors treating prince bernhard of the netherlands said friday the former royal consort appeared to be responding to treatment for a pulmonary infection he contracted after undergoing surgery , the rvd news service said .
german chancellor helmut kohl and french president francois mitterrand agreed friday that the foundations of a european police agency should be established rapidly , spokesman for the two men said .
the us government banned friday atr commuter planes from flight in icy conditions following the crash of an american eagle plane in october and new evidence that the planes may be unsafe .
legendary golf rivals jack nicklaus and arnold palmer teamed up for a victory here on friday in the opening seniors match of the inaugural diner 's club matches golf tournament .
one of france 's most famous escape artists , francois besse , was early saturday found guilty by a court here and sentenced to seven years in prison on charges of possessing and using false documents , criminal association and possession of drugs .
president bill clinton sacked surgeon general joycelyn elders friday after she suggested that children should learn about masturbation in schools .
a ukrainian cargo ship sank friday off the coast of newfoundland in a heavy storm that hindered the work of rescue workers hoping to save the ## crew members on board .
the texas rangers traded slugger jose canseco to the boston red sox on friday in exchange for outfielder otis nixon and minor league third baseman luis ortiz .
russia and ukraine on friday signed an agreement on debts owed by the former soviet union , with moscow agreeing to absorb ukrainian liabilities while kiev will renounce claims to soviet assets , the interfax news agency reported .
president bill clinton sacked surgeon general joycelyn elders friday after she suggested that children should learn about masturbation in schools .
orange county sued nomura securities friday , alleging the brokerage firm had illegally sold loan collateral on news that the county sought bankruptcy protection because of disastrous investments .
a cuban radio journalist said friday he had requested political asylum upon arriving in the united states to cover the summit of the americas .
southern china 's economically booming guangdong province will get its own financial news television network december ## -- the first independent station in the country to test china 's relaxation of electronic media rules .
the chinese government has ordered an urgent security check on public places following the deaths of more than ### people in a fire at a cinema whose exits were closed , the press reported saturday .
the justice ministry has ordered an inquiry into allegations that japanese immigration officials frequently use violence against foreign detainees , the japan times said saturday .
more than ### lawmakers from ## parties and groups opened a convention here saturday to launch the new frontier party -lrb- nfp -rrb- , the second largest japanese political grouping .
vietnam and the united states have initialed an agreement on american diplomatic properties seized after #### , bringing the former enemies a step closer to a long delayed exchange of liaison offices .
a dhaka court on saturday adjourned the hearing on religious charges of bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen for ## days following a petition from her lawyers .
the chief and deputy chief of bangladesh 's auxiliary police were forcibly retired for failing to put down a mutiny by several thousand of their men , a newspaper reported saturday .
prisoners at a guangzhou labor camp are beaten to make sure production targets are kept , with some goods sent abroad , a political prisoner has said in a letter to amnesty international .
shanghai no. # department store , the city 's largest , has opened a chain store in <unk> , jiangsu province , its first outside shanghai , a newspaper reported saturday .
a dhaka court on saturday adjourned the trial of bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen , charged with `` hurting the religious sentiments '' of moslems , until next month following a petition from her lawyers .
tamil guerrillas on saturday mounted a fresh attack against an army bunker in northwest sri lanka , killing one soldier for the loss of two of their own men , a military spokesman here said .
russian president boris yeltsin underwent minor nasal surgery and will be unable to work for a week , the presidency said in a communique saturday .
more than ### lawmakers from ## japanese political parties and groups opened a convention here saturday to launch the new frontier party -lrb- nfp -rrb- , the second largest japanese political grouping .
some ### members from non-government organizations -lrb- ngos -rrb- around the world will meet here next week to discuss ways to reduce the demand for drugs , leaders of the conference said saturday .
tigers , apparently making a comeback in vietnam , have been sighted several times since the beginning of december in the central highlands , the lao dong newspaper said saturday .
russian president boris yeltsin underwent minor nasal surgery and will be unable to work for a week , presidential officials said in a communique saturday .
at least ## kashmiri moslem demonstrators were injured here saturday when club-wielding indian security forces broke up a march called to mark human rights day , witnesses said .
west indies confidently reached ## for two by lunch here saturday after electing to bat first in the third test against india .
thailand will formally protest the killing of two border policemen by cambodian troops during a robbery earlier this week , a news report said here saturday .
members of several delegations at the european union summit said saturday they were convinced european commission president jacques delors will run for the french presidency next year and announce his decision sunday .
russian president boris yeltsin underwent minor nasal surgery but will be able to continue work during a week-long recuperation period , presidential officials said in a communique saturday .
opener matthew hayden reminded selectors of his prodigious talents with an unbeaten century to condemn zimbabwe to their fourth straight defeat in the one-day cricket series here saturday .
jimmy adams and carl hooper put on an undefeated ##-run stand for the fourth wicket to steer the west indies to a big score in the third test against india here saturday .
european union leaders saturday backed continuing the un mission in bosnia as they opened their second day of talks , reducing fears that a withdrawal of the multinational peacekeeping force was imminent .
a total of ### un peacekeepers detained by serbs at weapons collection points around sarajevo for more than two weeks were released overnight friday , un military spokesman <unk> <unk> von <unk> said saturday .
plo leader yasser arafat , receiving the nobel peace prize here saturday , urged israel to speed up the peace process with an army redeployment on the occupied west bank and elections to a palestinian self-rule council .
a total of ### un peacekeepers detained by serbs at weapons collection points around sarajevo for more than two weeks were released overnight friday , unprofor spokesman <unk> .
president sam nujoma and his ruling south west african people 's organisation -lrb- swapo -rrb- on saturday won a landslide victory in namibia 's first post-independence elections , provisional official results showed .
beleaguered thai prime minister chuan leekpai on saturday assailed the military-dominated senate , accusing it of playing partisan politics to help doom his coalition government .
a gay german lawmaker wants to marry the man he has been living with for two-and-a-half years and has requested a civil ceremony marriage licence from the city of cologne , the german daily bild said saturday .
european union leaders wrapped up two days of talks here saturday by firmly backing the role of un troops in bosnia , reducing fears of an imminent withdrawal of the multinational peacekeeping force .
scoreboard in the one-day cricket match between england and the australian cricket academy here saturday .
world soccer governing body fifa has ruled that x-ray tests can not be used to determine whether players have lied about their age at international competitions .
just hours after the un security council agreed to send a first contingent of peace monitors to angola , government and rebel forces were reported fighting saturday in contravention of an ##-day-old ceasefire .
russia on satuday closed its border with the breakaway republic of chechnya , an official statement said , the day after president boris yeltsin issue a decree authorizing military intervention to end chechnya 's three-year drive for independence .
a leader of the iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas on saturday pledged to wipe out israel 's proxy south lebanon army -lrb- sla -rrb- after claiming attacks which killed nine militiamen .
the philippines on saturday strongly rejected china 's recent claims of sovereignty over disputed south china sea territories .
spain has withdrawn its threat to block austria , finland and sweden 's entry to the eu in january in a row over fishing rights , a spokesman for the german presidency said on saturday .
three people were killed and seven injured saturday when a bomb ripped through a bus near the kashmir winter capital jammu , the press trust of india said .
the men 's world cup super giant slalom race was canceled here on saturday because of fog in the alpine resort .
west indies put in a reckless display saturday to throw away the advantage of taking first strike in perfect batting conditions in the third and final test against india here .
tasmanian opener jamie cox hit a century to steer his island state into a strong position after the second day of their sheffield shield cricket match with champions new south wales here saturday .
indian authorities hospitalised an environmentalist leading a protest against a three-billion-dollar dam project after her condition worsened on the ##th day of a hunger strike saturday .
russian warplanes flew sorties over the rebel chechen capital grozny saturday , afp correspondents said , reportedly bombing a residential quarter , as russian ground forces prepared a military intervention from the chechen border .
the egyptian government will maintain subsidies on essential goods despite pressure from the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- to cut them , prime minister atef sedki announced saturday .
british prime minister john major on saturday sought to reassure euro - sceptics in his governing conservative party that he was still considering their demand for a referendum on a single european currency .
hundreds of teenage moviegoers vandalised a cinema here after a film entitled `` one woman for all the men '' failed to live up to their expectations of erotic scenes .
ugandan riot police on saturday dispersed a political rally called by an opposition party in the ugandan capital , calling it an illegal gathering , witnesses said .
the ugandan parliament has extended by six months the term of the constituent assembly debating the country 's new constitution , effectively delaying presidential and parliamentary elections planed for early next year .
three people were hurt saturday when a bomb exploded outside a racetrack in the southern town of adana , the semi-official anatolia news agency said .
telephone links have been restored between belgrade and pale , `` capital '' of the self-styled bosnian serb republic , afp journalists reported saturday .
french interior minister charles pasqua has lodged a complaint on behalf of the police for defamation after the distribution of an anonymous leaflet following riots in mulhouse , police said .
president sam nujoma and his ruling south west african people 's organisation -lrb- swapo -rrb- on saturday swept namibia 's first post - independence elections , but the opposition leader cried foul .
about ### people opposed to the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- summit which wound up saturday in the german town of essen defied a police ban and held a demonstration against it .
pope john paul ii sent a message to italians saturday urging them to assert their faith in a country wracked by political and judicial crises .
un bosnia commander lieutenant-general sir michael rose has left sarajevo for the embattled bihac enclave in northwestern bosnia , a un source said saturday .
the european union 's final summit as a ##-nation body closed here on saturday with eu leaders setting out a strategy to open its doors to at least ## former communist states in eastern europe .
lord joseph , former minister in the government of margaret thatcher and one of her closest advisers , died in a london hospital saturday at the age of ## years .
the franco-italian builders of the atr commuter plane said saturday it regretted a us ban on flights of the craft in icy conditions and said there was `` no justification '' for the measure .
sixteen people were hurt , two of them seriously , when a bomb exploded saturday outside a racetrack in the southern town of adana , the semi - official anatolia news agency said .
more than #,### foreigners are prisoners in iranian jails , mostly for involvement in drug-trafficking , a prison administration official said saturday .
an <unk> un soldier hit in the right eye by a stray bullet during inter-clan fighting in the somali capital on saturday , un military spokesman major zubair <unk> said .
moslem women in western society were urged to demonstrate their islamic values in their dress , and wear the islamic veil , at an international conference on the oppression of moslem women in the west saturday .
hardline opponents of yasser arafat protested saturday here against the autonomy accord as the plo leader prepared to receive the nobel peace prize for his part in sealing the deal .
the moscow public prosecutor has opened an enquiry into fraud allegations concerning the election in october of controversial businessman sergei mavrodi to the duma or lower house of parliament , interfax reported saturday .
a senior egyptian police officer said saturday he had been threatened with dismissal for having written an anti-israeli book when he was posted at the rafah border crossing between egypt and the gaza strip .
un bosnia commander lieutenant-general sir michael rose , was saturday heading for the embattled bihac enclave , amid signs rebel croatian serbs were blocking his passage into the region , un sources said .
profits not political considerations would govern a decision on whether qatar would export natural gas to israel , qatari oil minister abdallah al-attiya said saturday .
syria 's proposal to meet with israeli officials for talks is `` better than nothing '' but not good enough , israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin said saturday .
one man was killed and another seriously wounded by sniper fire in sarajevo on saturday , a united nations protection force official said .
the french justice minister on saturday called for the upper house of parliament to lift the immunity of socialist senator claude <unk> who is under investigation for fraud , senate sources said .
conditions for some #,### cubans lodged by the united states in four camps around panama violate human rights , the panamanian committee for human rights said saturday .
the commander of un forces in bosnia , lieutenant-general sir michael rose , was headed saturday for the embattled enclave of bihac , un protection force spokesman <unk> .
moslem women were urged saturday to exercise their right to wear the islamic veil and free themselves from `` cultural oppression '' in countries like france and germany , a conference on the oppression of moslem women in the west was told .
german police on saturday dispersed about ### far-left demonstrators staging a banned protest at a european summit taking place in the town of essen and made about ## arrests , police said .
president bill clinton met here saturday with leaders from ## latin american and caribbean countries for talks on forging a pan-american free trade zone .
the ceremony to award the #### nobel peace prize to israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin , foreign minister shimon peres , and plo leader yasser arafat opened here saturday with music and a speech by the nobel committee chairman francis <unk> .
jordan told the organisation of islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- on saturday that it had no right to debate the guardianship of islamic shrines in jerusalem at its forthcoming summit meeting .
south africa scored an emphatic seven wicket victory over world champions pakistan in their one-day mandela trophy quadrangular international series here saturday .
sudan 's chief refugee official on saturday complained that foreign aid to assistance programs has been drastically slashed to just seven million dollars a year from ### million .
russian defense minister pavel grachev headed back to moscow saturday after chairing a meeting of top military officers at a russian army base on chechnya 's border to discuss armed intervention in the caucasian state , interfax said .
egypt 's president hosni mubarak said saturday he would urge the organisation of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- to draw up ways to fight moslem militants during its summit in the moroccan city of casablanca .
plo leader yasser arafat and his former israeli enemies , prime minister yitzhak rabin and foreign minister shimon peres , collected the #### nobel peace prize here on saturday in recognition of their historic autonomy accord .
a ##-truck convoy bringing ### tonnes of urgently needed food to sarajevo entered the city on saturday afternoon , un high commissioner for refugees spokesman kris janowski said .
plo leader yasser arafat and his former israeli enemies , prime minister yitzhak rabin and foreign minister shimon peres , collected the #### nobel peace prize here on saturday in recognition of their historic autonomy accord .
a powerful earthquake struck the mexican capital saturday , leaving residents scared , but causing no injuries according to initial reports .
hezbollah guerrillas shelled an israeli army position in southern lebanon on saturday without causing casualties , security officials said .
us president bill clinton announced saturday that ## countries throughout the americas had agreed to negotiate the creation of a free trade zone for the hemisphere by the year #### .
bosnian serb forces on saturday lifted virtually all restrictions against almost ### un peacekeepers trapped in heavy weapons collections points around sarajevo , a un spokeswoman said .
blackburn rovers hung on to top spot in the english premiership on saturday , though victories for rivals manchester united and newcastle kept them on rovers ' heels .
kuwait will urge opec to increase its oil production quota by ###,### barrels per day -lrb- b\/d -rrb- at the next review of the quota system , oil minister abdel mohsen <unk> said in cairo saturday .
a war-crimes tribunal in serb-held croatia has ordered the exhumation of ## alleged victims of a serb couple accused of their murder , the tanjug agency said here saturday .
the ski jumping events due to be held here on december ## and ## , the third round of the world cup , have been canceled because of lack of snow and mild temperatures , organisers said .
hezbollah guerrillas fired shells and rockets at positions held by the israeli army and its proxy militia in south lebanon on saturday , killing one militiaman , security officials said .
jacques delors , winding up his last eu summit as european commission chief saturday , declined to reveal whether he intended to run as french president amid persistent rumors here that he would .
the head of liberia 's interim collegiate presidency on saturday called for an end to `` all hostilities '' among the armed factions and the creation of safe areas before their disarmament .
the men 's super-giant slalom at bad <unk> , austria , on december ## , has been canceled due to lack of snow , organisers said on saturday .
art monk captured a prized national football league record here on saturday , catching a pass from boomer <unk> for his ###th straight game with at least one reception .
president bill clinton shot back saturday at calls from the incoming republican speaker of the house of representatives who has said some children with unemployed parents belong in orphanages .
separatist croatian serb troops on saturday forced un bosnia commander lieutenant-general sir michael rose to abort a visit to the embattled bosnian enclave of bihac , a un military spokesman said .
us trade representative mickey kantor told representatives of banana - exporting caribbean countries saturday the united states would try to help find a solution to their european market woes .
explorers discovered the remains of a civilization that existed more than #,### years ago , possibly the oldest yet unearthed in venezuela , archeologist miguel angel prieto said saturday .
a hat-trick from playmaker michael zorc steered borussia dortmund to a #-# victory in hamburg on saturday , stretching their lead to four points at the top of the bundesliga .
a state prosecutor has called for national hero diego maradona to be jailed for four years , after the <unk> opened fire with an air rifle on a group of journalists .
rob andrew scored a world-record ## points as england overwhelmed canada ##-## here on saturday with a refreshingly expansive second - half performance .
swindon town , denied promotion to the old first division in #### for financial irregularities , are to seek an urgent meeting with the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- following tottenham 's `` <unk> '' for similar offences .
egyptian president hosni mubarak on saturday accused sudanese islamic fundamentalists of seeking conflict with his country , the official news agency mena reported .
moslems leaders from the southern philippines began efforts here saturday to rally islamic countries behind their drive for autonomy .
hilary lindh of the united states won saturday 's women 's alpine world cup downhill to extend her lead in the downhill standings .
the #### nobel laureates received their prizes here saturday at a solemn ceremony , with the bulk of the awards scooped by north americans , the chief exception being the peace prize accepted in oslo by palestinian leader yasser arafat and israel 's yitzhak rabin and shimon peres .
the franco-italian builders of the atr commuter plane on saturday announced new `` high risk '' tests in california to prove the safety of their aircraft following a us ban on flights in icy conditions .
world number one pete sampras will face sweden 's magnus larsson in sunday 's final of the six-million-dollar grand slam cup after both had vastly different semi-final victories .
a powerful opposition warlord and leading drugs trafficker in tajikstan has been killed in a carbomb blast at <unk> in the east of the central asian republic , tajik officials said saturday .
alan shearer took his <unk> for the season to ## as blackburn maintained their one-point advantage at the top of the english premiership on saturday .
irish president mary robinson joined other irish and british officials in attending the funeral saturday of the son of protestant pacifist gordon wilson , whose daughter was murdered in an ira attack on the ulster town of enniskillen in #### .
wimbledon manager joe <unk> intends to sign norwegian loan star oyvind leonhardsen on a permanent basis following his goal in saturday 's #-# victory over coventry .
jordan has obtained international aid and loans of ### million dollars for its economic recovery program , officials said saturday .
brian laudrup turned in a superb individual performance as rangers ended kilmarnock 's seven-game unbeaten run with a #-# win at rugby park to stretch their lead at the top of the scottish premiership to seven points .
hilary lindh continued her downhill dominance here on saturday , winning her second world cup downhill of the young season .
around #,### leftist activists were arrested saturday as police massed in force to disperse a banned protest against a european union summit taking place in this western german city .
at least ###,### cuban exiles took to the streets here saturday during the summit of the americas urging the hemisphere 's leaders to press for the resignation of cuban president fidel castro .
two crew members were rescued from atlantic waters after a ukranian - registered cargo ship sank with ## seamen aboard , canadian and us officials said saturday .
qatar on saturday proposed to set up a joint committee with saudi arabi to investigate its claims of armed clashes on the maritime border between the two countries .
the first information and documentation center on the former east german secret police , the stasi , opened its doors in this eastern town saturday .
european union summit leaders condemned turkey here saturday for sentencing eight kurdish deputies to up to ## years in jail for separatist activities .
several dozen israeli right-wingers marched through the center of jerusalem saturday to protest the award of the nobel peace prize to plo chief yasser arafat .
some ### pacifist marchers from ## countries set off saturday in ice and fog on a six-month pilgrimage from the former nazi death camp here to hiroshima in japan , the first city to suffer an atomic attack .
the bodies of two cubans who fled us-run encampments here this week were found floating in the panama canal on saturday , a spokeswoman for the us southern command said .
<unk> nazarov knocked out joey gamache in the second round here saturday to retain his world boxing association lightweight crown .
the united states signed an cooperation accord saturday with the seven countries of central america to help promote the isthmus ' alliance for sustainable development .
a #,###-year-old tomb containing the mummy of a child was discovered saturday next to a controversial motorway which slices past the pyramids , egyptian culture minister faruq hosni said .
american hilary lindh won her second world cup downhill in eight days here on saturday to continue her dominance in the discipline this season .
russian deputy prime minister nikolai yegorov late saturday denied charges that moscow warplanes earlier in the day had bombed grozny , the capital of the breakaway republic of chechnya .
sex kitten turned animal activist brigitte bardot has returned to saint-tropez six months after pledging not to set foot again in the chic french riviera resort where she made her long-term home .
the bodies of two cubans who fled us-run encampments here this week were found floating in the panama canal on saturday , a spokeswoman for the us southern command said .
german chancellor helmut kohl late saturday said german combat planes could join a nato operation to protect united nations troops withdrawing from bosnia .
one us and two canadian air carriers grounded their european-made atr commuter airplanes saturday in line with orders from the us and canadian governments .
nato military leaders gather here on monday to decide on whether to provide combat or <unk> units to help united nations forces withdraw from bosnia , diplomatic sources said .
the leader of the breakaway russian caucasus republic of chechnya late saturday hinted that talks with russia on monday stood a good chance of ending the conflict .
frustration with the long delays in finding a permanent home for cuban boat people caused the violent disturbances at refugee camps here , a leader of the boat people said saturday .
ireland 's fine gael and labor parties , trying to form a new government , are to open talks sunday with a third movement , the socialist democratic left .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin and fellow nobel peace laureate yasser arafat of the plo agreed at a meeting here early sunday to resume autonomy talks in cairo on wednesday ahead of another sesion between the two leaders .
jack nicklaus and arnold palmer beat chi chi rodriguez and jim dent # and # here on saturday to reach the finals of the inaugural diners club matches golf tournament .
thousands of university students in bandung , west java clashed with police and security forces while marking international human rights day , a police officer at bandung police headquarters said sunday .
india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party has rallied to the defense of prime minister p.v. narasimha rao despite the party 's humiliating defeat in crucial elections in two southern states .
an explosion on a philippine airlines jet heading for japan killed one person aboard sunday , news reports said .
a two-member high court bench was scheduled to rule sunday on the opposition 's boycott of parliament that is aimed at ousting prime minister khaleda zia 's government .
representatives of ## african nations and ## asian countries will gather here monday for the opening of a seminar seeking to promote concrete economic cooperation between the nations of the two continents .
russian troops early sunday moved into the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya , russian news agencies said .
russian troops moved into the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya at dawn sunday , russian news agencies interfax and itar-tass said .
a two member high court bench sunday ordered the opposition to join the next session of the national parliament on grounds that their long boycott was `` unconstitutional .
an explosion on a philippine airlines -lrb- pal -rrb- jet heading for japan killed one person and injured two others sunday , police said .
hundreds of demonstrators temporarily blocked access to international departures at sydney airport here sunday to protest increased noise levels caused by the recent opening of a third runway .
china , in a last ditch bid to boost its chances of rejoining gatt this year , announced sunday it would expand bidding for export quotas to enhance trade transparency and fairness , a report said .
vietnam is considering two proposals for foreign-funded hospitals in ho chi minh city , including a scheme by a us health services firm to build a ##-million-dollar facility , a report said sunday .
bangladesh 's only airline , biman , is set to buy two <unk> aircrafts soon to accommodate more passengers on domestic and regional routes , the morning sun reported here sunday .
an explosion on a philippine airlines -lrb- pal -rrb- jet heading for tokyo from manila killed one person and injured seven others , japanese police and a statement released by the airline said .
a delegation from the british committee for the release of nuclear technician mordechai vanunu , jailed for ## years for espionage , has arrived in israel to protest his continued detention .
rescuers on sunday recovered seven more bodies , bringing the death toll of last week 's gas explosion in the center of this capital to ## , police said .
us and thai investors are to study plans for a ###-million-dollar industrial zone in haiphong in the third such scheme in the northern vietnamese port , a report said sunday .
strong demand continues to keep office rentals high in many asia - pacific cities with singapore , beijing and shanghai posting the largest increases , property consultants jones lang wootton -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said sunday .
russian troops moved into the secessionist caucasian republic of chechnya at dawn sunday empowered by a presidential decree authorising all means to restore constitutional order in the republic .
jimmy adams and anderson cummins put on a dogged ##-run partnership for the seventh wicket to take the west indies to a comfortable position in the third test against india here sunday .
scoreboard in the one-day cricket match between england and the australian cricket academy here sunday .
scoreboard in the one-day cricket match between australia and australia a here sunday .
the first israeli embassy in jordan was opened on sunday and the jewish nation 's flag officially unfurled for the first time on jordanian soil .
jimmy adams scored a career-best ### not out as the west indies piled up a mammoth ### in their first innings in the second cricket test against india here sunday .
controversial chris eubank answered his critics in perfect style when he outpointed henry warton late saturday in an all-british clash to retain his wbo super-middleweight title .
serb forces have refused to allow through convoys which should have brought in urgently needed fuel for un troops in sarajevo this weekend , military sources said sunday .
veteran julio cesar chavez proved too strong for america 's tony ` tiger ' lopez when he held on to his wbc world light-welterweight title here saturday night .
iraqi president saddam hussein chaired a meeting of the country 's highest ruling body the revolutionary command council following a trip to moscow by deputy prime minister tareq aziz , the news agency ina said sunday .
at least ### russian armored vehicles were speeding sunday at noon -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- towards the chechnya capital grozny , an afp journalist reported from znamenskoye -lrb- eds : correct -rrb- , ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- northwest of grozny .
a mid-air explosion sunday on a philippine airlines -lrb- pal -rrb- boeing ###-### jet heading for tokyo from manila killed one person and injured ## others , japanese police said .
police in the northeastern city of dalian have arrested five people for embezzling some ### million yuan -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in china 's biggest-ever fraud case , a report said sunday .
new zealand rugby union coach laurie mains will seek clarification on controversial rules concerning <unk> and second phase play at this week 's southern hemisphere laws conference here .
plo chief yasser arafat 's new baby will be called ammar if it is a boy and zahwa if it is a girl , his pregnant wife suha told an egyptian newspaper on sunday .
australian shane robinson won the new zealand open golf tournament sunday , the first victory of his professional career .
a bomb exploded sunday in israel 's self-declared `` security zone '' in south lebanon targetting an israeli army patrol , security officials said .
china is to open up its <unk> wholesale business to limited foreign investment while allowing joint-venture retail stores in a greater number of cities , the china daily said sunday .
five people died and many others were injured , mostly overcome by smoke , in a blaze which swept through a tower block in <unk> , eastern france early sunday , police said .
south africa , led by <unk> dave callaghan , lambasted the new zealand bowling to reach their highest score in a one-day <unk> by scoring ### for seven in the mandela trophy here on sunday .
the preliminary hearing to decide whether to commit former italian prime minister giulio andreotti to trial for alleged links with the mafia has been postponed until january ## , legal sources said sunday .
one israeli soldier was killed and three wounded in a bomb attack sunday in israel 's self-declared `` security zone '' in south lebanon , security sources said .
israel troops have arrested a palestinian police chief 's brother for allegedly aiding moslem fundamentalists from hamas , military officials said sunday .
the exiled government of serbia 's rebellious albanian-populated kosovo province is lobbying to become a full member of the organisation of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- at a summit here this week , officials said sunday .
hezbollah guerrillas killed an israeli soldier and wounded three others in a bomb attack sunday in israel 's self-declared `` security zone '' in south lebanon , security sources said .
west indian bowlers failed to penetrate india 's defenses in the third test here sunday after a career-best ### not out from jimmy adams gave the tourists their highest score in their series so far .
nigerian football player youssef omar was expelled from egypt on sunday after testing positive for the hiv virus .
four people died and ## were injured in a blaze which swept through a tower block in <unk> , eastern france early sunday , rescue officials said .
the party of president fidel ramos has forged a coalition with the philippines ' largest political group to run a common platform in the #### local and congressional polls , it was announced here sunday .
five people were killed sunday when groups in ingushetia tried to stop russian troops invading the secessionist neighbouring republic of chechnya , the ingush vice-president said , quoted by a radio in moscow .
groups favoring switzerland 's admission to the european union have decided to start legal moves to hold a national referendum on the membership issue , a spokesman said on sunday .
foreign ministers from islamic states here sunday discussed a strongly-worded and detailed proposal designed to help bosnian moslems ward off advancing serb forces .
prime minister john major on sunday ruled out a speedy reintegration of the nine <unk> tory mps into the conservative parliamentary group , while his employment secretary michael portillo called for a `` healing process '' .
the french senate adopted the first reading of the budget bill reading overnight saturday which allows for a deficit of more than ### billion francs -lrb- nearly ## billion dollars -rrb- .
five people were killed sunday when groups in ingushetia tried to stop russian troops invading the secessionist neighbouring republic of chechnya , the vice-president of ingushetia said quoted by a radio in moscow .
olympic downhill champion patrick ortlieb won his first ever world cup super-giant slalom when he held off america 's tommy moe here on sunday .
two leading russian democrats called sunday for a demonstration in moscow against the russian army 's offensive in chechnya , which , they say , could provoke a new war in the caucasus .
kyrgyzstan and pakistan agreed here sunday to jointly oppose religious intolerance and fundamentalism , officials said .
two palestinian children have frozen to death on the egyptian-libyan border after being trapped there with their families since the beginning of december , border guards here said sunday .
chris eubank answered his many critics here on saturday night by retaining his wbo super-middleweight title in impressive style by outscoring a courageous henry wharton with a unanimous points verdict .
a russian offensive was sunday underway in the rebel southern republic of chechnya , with ### armored vehicles rolling towards the capital grozny .
norwegian prime minister gro harlem brundtland promised nobel peace laureates yitzhak rabin , shimon peres and yasser arafat here sunday that her country would help to keep up the `` oslo spirit '' which led to the israeli-plo autonomy accord .
israeli troops killed four guerrillas in a gunbattle in southern lebanon sunday after a hezbollah bomb attack which left one soldier dead and three wounded , security sources said .
french deputies on sunday threw out a plan which would have obliged everyone living in france to undergo an aids test by the end of #### .
jordan opened a temporary embassy in a tel aviv hotel on sunday after israel inaugurated its mission in amman in a day marred by moslem fundamentalist protests .
indian and french companies have signed a pact here on a stalled joint-venture hydroelectric project in the troubled state of kashmir , ending a major irritant in trade ties , embassy officials said sunday .
the last group of some ### indian un troops left the southern somali port city of kismayo sunday , un military spokesman major zubair <unk> said .
king fahd will miss the summit of the organisation of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- and has sent crown prince abdallah ben abdel aziz to head the saudi delegation instead , the agency spa said sunday .
clashes between israeli soldiers and iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas killed five people and wounded at least six in south lebanon on sunday , security sources said .
arsenal boss george graham is being investigated by the british tax authorities over an alleged secret payment of ###,### pounds following the transfer of danish star john jensen , according to a newspaper report here on sunday .
yugoslav foreign minister vladislav jovanovic on sunday signalled returning good relations between belgrade and the bosnian serbs and urged the bosnian serbs to adopt a common line on bosnia-hercegovina .
voters in turkmenistan went to the polls sunday for their first post - soviet era general elections which were widely expected to consolidate president saparmurad niyazov 's grip on power .
a ##-year-old man convicted of murdering a customer in a bar in #### was executed by lethal injection sunday before finishing his rambling , lengthy last remarks .
six islamic militants were killed by security forces in oued <unk> , western algeria , the security services said sunday .
zaire 's dc motema pembe lifted the african cup winners ' cup here on sunday , after beating kenya breweries #-# .
an american serviceman accompanying us central command chief general j. h. binford peay during his just-concluded visit here met an `` accidental '' death , an official statement said sunday .
the rebel caucasus republic of chechnya where russian armored vehicles sunday rumbled towards the capital to regain control is the last of the ## republics , territories and other entities making up the russian federation obstinately refusing to accept rule from moscow .
south africa , led by an unbeaten ### by dave callaghan , crushed new zealand by ## runs in their one-day mandela trophy quadrangular international here on sunday .
most greeks are racist , xenophobic and anti-semitic , according to an in-depth sociological study funded by the european union and published by the daily <unk> .
four swiss hikers , three men and a woman , were killed in the first big avalanche of the winter , police from the <unk> canton said sunday .
the world must listen to moslem countries which demand urgent action to halt bosnia 's destruction , egyptian foreign minister amr mussa said here sunday .
britain 's new national lottery , inaugurated less than a month ago , has its first big winner who scooped ##.# million pounds -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- .
some ### children separated from their parents in war-ravaged southern sudan for up to six years were returned to their homes by the un children 's fund -lrb- unicef -rrb- this week , the agency said sunday .
the commander of un forces in bosnia , general sir michael rose , said sunday he would not <unk> for the time being to gain entry to the besieged northwestern enclave of bihac after a renegade croatian serb commander refused him passage .
serb forces hijacked three un trucks waiting at a checkpoint to bring fuel into sarajevo late saturday , a un source said sunday .
the small free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- began an extraordinary congress in this east german town sunday aimed at finding a strategy to win back voters following a year of poor election results .
chechen authorities will hold talks monday with russian officials on the crisis in the breakaway republic , the chechen economy minister said sunday .
public and parliamentary opposition to a russian offensive against chechnya grew sunday , amid signs that moscow was poised to launch a full-scale assault on the breakaway republic 's capital within hours .
top italian businessman carlo de benedetti sunday called for a new government of `` public salvation '' to replace the current coalition headed by embattled prime minister silvio berlusconi .
the islamic party of kenya -lrb- <unk> -rrb- sunday accused the government of `` declaring war against '' moslems by stripping its leading activist sheikh khalid balala of his citizenship .
plo leader yasser arafat left norway on sunday bound for talks with finnish leaders in helsinki after receiving a nobel peace prize in oslo , officials said .
south africa , led by an unbeaten ### by dave callaghan , posted their highest one-day international score of ### for seven in crushing new zealand by ## runs in their mandela trophy match here sunday .
a briton was arrested for drug smuggling after being stopped near the turkish border with ## kilogrammes of heroin destined for the english market , greek police said sunday .
human rights and legal experts from ## african countries gathered here to discuss human rights trends on the continent and examine the possibility of setting up an african human rights court .
surgeon general jocelyn elders , who resigned under white house pressure , said she has no regrets about comments that led to her downfall and would support president bill clinton 's #### reelection bid .
world squash champion jansher khan of pakistan pulled out of the mahindra international tournament in bombay at the last moment here on sunday over fears for his personal safety , the press trust of india reported .
chechen authorities will hold talks monday with russian officials despite the russian military intervention in the breakaway republic , the chechen economy minister said sunday .
greece is ready to provide military support to a potential un withdrawal from bosnia , premier andreas papandreou announced , despite having to date refused to participate in the protection force operation , a government statement said here sunday .
serb forces hijacked three un trucks waiting at a checkpoint to bring fuel into sarajevo late saturday , un protection force spokesman <unk> .
foreign secretary douglas hurd called sunday for an `` intelligent debate '' on britain 's role in the european union 's common political and fiscal future , a source of deep divisions within the ruling conservative party .
embattled diego maradona looks set to be offered a director 's job by <unk> side racing club .
the senior eu official in the un-administered safe zone of mostar in southern hercegovina , germany 's hans koschnik , sunday joined social democrat calls opposing german air cover for a potential un withdrawal of the world body 's troops in bosnia .
indonesia 's ardy wiranata became the men 's single champion at the #### world grand prix badminton finals here sunday with his victory over compatriot alan budi <unk> #-## , ##-# , ##-# .
syria on sunday condemned the award of the nobel peace prize to plo leader yasser arafat , israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin and foreign minister shimon peres as a `` sham .
sierra leone head of state captain valentine strasser arrived here sunday for a one-day official visit to nigeria and was met at the airport by his nigerian counterpart , general sani abacha , a reliable source said .
zaire 's dc motema pembe won the africa cup winners cup here sunday , after beating kenya breweries #-# in the return leg of the final .
us president bill clinton offered his congratulations sunday to the three recipients of the nobel peace prize and called for a renewed fresh push in the middle east peace process .
european commission president jacques delors said at the start of a television interview sunday that he would announce during the program whether he will stand for the french presidency next year .
an israeli army officer and four hezbollah guerrillas were killed in a bomb explosion and gunbattle in southern lebanon sunday .
a french ecological group on sunday nominated its leader as an official candidate for presidential elections next year , officials said .
more than two months after winning slovakia 's general election , vladimir meciar reached agreement sunday with two small fringe parties to form a government .
germany 's katja seizinger won the world cup super g race here sunday with a time of # minute ##.## seconds .
spanish rail workers leaders vowed to press ahead with strike action monday the day after a successful ##-hour stoppage over a pay claim , as air iberia pilots threatened action unless a massive jobs cuts program was scrapped .
us treasury secretary lloyd bentsen said sunday the federal reserve board could only make an educated guess on whether interest rates should be raised again to keep inflation under control .
european commission chief jacques delors announced sunday that he is not standing for the french presidency next year , ending nearly six months of suspense punctuated by remarks that kept his supporters and opponents guessing .
crystal palace left anfield with their ninth clean sheet of the season and their self-respect restored after a goalless draw with liverpool here on sunday .
luton town manager david pleat has revealed that midfielder juan antonio <unk> will arrive on a week 's trial from spanish first division club oviedo on monday .
england face an uphill battle to qualify for the women 's european championship football finals after suffering a comprehensive #-# defeat against germany here on sunday .
national hockey league owners meet here monday to determine a deadline for reaching a labor settlement or calling off the remainder of the season .
president bill clinton ducked a question sunday over mediating argentina 's dispute with britain over the falkland islands , but an adviser said washington might play a role .
hungarian voters stayed away from local elections in droves sunday , as preliminary exit polls showed the country 's governing coalition had suffered a drop in ratings but was headed for a narrow overall majority .
linford christie called for diane modahl to be cleared of drug-taking when she appears before a british athletic federation disciplinary here on tuesday .
the chairman of germany 's co-ruling free democrats -lrb- fdp -rrb- , foreign minister klaus kinkel , was bitterly criticised in this east german town sunday at an extraordinary party congress , with aides hinting he might resign .
katja seizinger was n't happy with her skiing this weekend -- until sunday when she won the world cup super giant slalom .
kenya 's benson masya won his third honolulu marathon sunday while ## - year-old dutch runner carla <unk> captured her eighth title here .
juventus snatched the leadership of the italian league from parma in impressive style on sunday with a #-# win against lazio .
europe 's slumbering football giants stirred at weekend with real madrid rising to the top in the spanish league and <unk> back again in italy .
president bill clinton said sunday he hoped to fulfill a campaign pledge by proposing a tax cut next year that would be `` fair to both the middle class and to the poor .
rescue workers said they had little hope sunday of rescuing missing crew members from a <unk> vessel that went down in a violent storm .
former nicaraguan president daniel ortega , who suffered a heart attack that went undetected for three months , may be released from a hospital in cuba next month without undergoing surgery , a party official said sunday .
the dollar opened at ###.## yen in tokyo on monday , down #.## yen from the previous trading day 's finish of ###.## yen .
share prices opened slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange on monday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
buffalo 's hopes for a fifth straight trip to the super bowl faded here sunday with a ##-## loss to minnesota and a knee injury suffered by bills ' quarterback jim kelly .
plo leader yasser arafat on sunday accused israel of delaying palestinian elections on the west bank and gaza strip but stressed that negotiations on the issue would continue .
thirty-one cuban refugees were injured sunday as us troops arrested ### cubans suspected of being involved in riots and a mass escape last week , the us southern command said .
the international olympic committee athletes commission approved a plan here sunday to have competitors at the #### games watch most of the opening ceremony from an adjacent stadium .
foreign ministers from islamic states failed here on sunday to adopt a draft document focused mainly on bosnia because of bilateral arab disputes , delegates said .
baseball owners backed off on an escalating salary tax plan in favor of a flat tax proposal aimed at settling their four-month labor fight with players before a critical thursday deadline .
officials from russia and its breakaway republic of chechnya are set to open peace negotiations monday after moscow dramatically strengthened its hand by deploying ### tanks and armored vehicles outside the chechen capital grozny .
one man has been arrested and two others held for questioning following last week 's friendship hall cinema fire in karamay , northwest china , that claimed ### lives , china 's central radio said monday .
chinese premier li peng has ordered provincial leaders to strictly implement the central government 's economic policies and to place higher priority on developing agriculture , the official people 's daily said monday .
the national bank in the former soviet republic of kazakhstan urged that payment for goods and services within the country in foreign cash be prohibited after january # , the head of the national bank told the news agency <unk> .
`` if you ca n't play it , watch it , '' is the latest concept being touted by china 's fledgling state treasury bond market -- the subject of a new television comedy series entitled `` gentleman loves money .
share prices gave up early gains to close flat in thin trading on the tokyo stock exchange monday as many players sat on the sidelines in the absence of fresh incentives .
japan 's nec corp. announced monday the development of the world 's smallest electronic memory cell and plans to used the technology to produce one-gigabit dynamic random access -lrb- dram -rrb- chips within four years .
the dollar moved narrowly before closing slightly lower in tokyo monday as most market players sat on the sidelines waiting for the release of us inflation indicators later in the week .
israeli soldiers shot dead one member of a palestinian group who tried to infiltrate israel from the gaza strip overnight , military sources said monday .
canberra has become so concerned about the flow of illegal migrants from mainland china that it sent a senior immigration official to beijing last month for talks to try to stop it , officials said monday .
south korea 's daewoo electronics co. said monday it will take over and expand an existing electronics plant in poland to create an offshore production base for consumer electronics .
two influential us senators crossed the demilitarized zone from north to south korea on monday after making a historic first flight to the north korean capital of pyonyang in a us military plane .
japan 's toshiba corp. launched monday sales of a new photo relay device for use in communications equipment such as cordless telephones , facsimile machines and modems .
the opposition chart pattana party was monday invited to join the thai government coalition , democrat party secretary-general sanan kachornprasart announced .
indonesian police plan to send two companies of its elite mobile brigade to east timor to assure public safety and order there , a press report said here monday .
outgoing european commission president jacques delors showed realism in refusing to run in next year 's french presidential polls , british national newspapers said monday , noting that his decision made a rightwing victory virtually inevitable .
the rand was slightly lower against a firm dollar monday , opening at #.#### \/ ## rands to the greenback from friday 's close of #.#### \/ ## .
thai prime minister chuan leekpai managed to forestall threatened early elections when his democrat party announced monday it was bringing an opposition party into the shaky coalition .
a russian guard was killed and seven wounded in an ambush on a convoy by tajik rebels on the border of tajikistan and afghanistan , interfax news agency reported .
spanish foreign minister javier solna arrived here sunday evening on a two-day visit as the guest of counterpart heikki haavisto .
chechen officials left monday for <unk> in neighbouring north ossetia for talks on the future of their secessionist republic with a russian government delegation .
hezbollah guerrillas attacked israeli troops and their proxy militia in south lebanon on monday wounding three militiamen , the south lebanon army -lrb- sla -rrb- reported .
india , replying to west indies ' first innings score of ### , were ### for three at lunch on the third day of the third and final cricket test here monday .
max bill , one of switzerland 's best known architects and artists , died friday of a heart attack in berlin at the age of ## , the daily swiss paper neue zurcher zeitung reported monday .
lunch scoreboard on the third day of the third and final cricket test between india and the west indies here monday .
the french franc fell sharply in early trading here on monday to #.## to the mark , rallying later to #.#### from #.#### at the close of trading on friday .
the continued existence of australian pay television giant optus vision was uncertain on monday after a partner in the consortium had withdrawn leaving other members to discuss the venture 's future .
palmeiras will play corintians for the brazilian football championship on thursday and sunday .
un officials were fighting monday to save the peacekeeping operation in bosnia-hercegovina after serbs hijacked an urgently needed fuel convoy and slapped a ban on armored escorts for food convoys .
the bayerische vereinsbank reported that operating profits after provisions in the first ## months of the year had fallen by #.# percent and that profits from trading had all but disappeared , on monday .
katja seizinger is seldom satisfied with her skiing but sunday was an exception .
three members of south africa 's militant pan africanist congress were monday sentenced to more than ## years in prison for killing four people in an attack on a cape town tavern last year .
zaire 's daring club motema pembe who beat kenya breweries <unk> here on sunday to win the africa cup <unk> cup brought a witchdoctor to cast a spell over their opponents , newspapers reported monday .
plo leader yasser arafat arrived monday in stockholm where he is due to hold further talks with israeli foreign minister shimon peres , officials here announced .
gunmen attacked a newly-wed couple killing the woman and wounding in the man in a possible revenge attack for the shooting of a collaborator , police said monday .
us-based computer giant digital equipment corp. said monday it had signed a joint venture agreement with china 's hunan computer factory to develop and build text terminals for the mainland market .
the israeli army will have to go on the offensive in south lebanon and strike at the iranian-backed hezbollah to counter an upsurge in deadly guerrilla operations , the commander of israel 's northern region warned monday .
french consumer prices were the same in november as in october despite an increase in the price of tobacco , the insee official statistical institute said on monday , reporting a provisional monthly inflation figure of zero .
the communist party must strengthen its authority over the army in light of `` hostile forces '' which are stepping up attempts to destabilise the government , a senior party official said monday .
russian defense minister pavel grachev will make a three-day official visit to hungary from december ## to discuss north atlantic treaty organisation expansion to the east and the training of hungarian soldiers in russia , the defense ministry here announced monday .
prices of british manufactured products rose by #.# percent in november from the figure in october when then had also risen by #.# percent on a monthly basis , the central statistical office -lrb- cso -rrb- said on monday .
emelec guayaquil won the ecuadoran football championship for the second year running and eighth time <unk> on sunday when they drew #-# with <unk> quito in their <unk> game of the season .
liberian peace talks scheduled to resume in accra monday have been postponed as ghanaian <unk> try to ensure that parties are willing to compromise on disputes that wrecked november 's month-long peace bid , a foreign ministry official here said .
bangladesh 's supreme court on monday stayed the execution of a lower court order for opposition legislators to end a boycott of parliament .
twenty-two people , including ## police officers and a senior official in the vehicle registration office , have been arrested for corruption and armed robbery , south african police announced .
taiwan 's defense minister sun chen said monday his ministry has discovered that six military generals are gang members .
share prices rose slightly in thin trading early on monday when sentiment was boosted by firmness in wall street shares on friday , firmer futures , and a lower-than-expected rise in producer prices , dealers said .
former vice premier and chinese communist party conservative yao yilin died sunday at the age of ## , the official xinhua news agency said .
a charismatic movie star-turned-politician was sworn in monday as chief minister of indian prime minister p.v. narasimha rao 's home state amid frenzied celebrations by thousands of supporters .
slovak prime minister vladimir meciar , whose center-left party topped recent general elections , monday presented his cabinet list to president michal kovac monday saying that hoped the new cabinet would be sworn in soon .
economic expansion in eight asian economies is forecast to slow from an average of #.# percent this year to #.# percent next year , a governmental institute said on monday .
the indonesian government on monday indicated that it would not issue a publishing licence to former journalists of the banned magazine tempo to open a new journal .
thick fog in chechnya has halted russian military operations in the separatist caucasian republic , the russian information center said monday the day after russian troops went in to subdue the chechens ' three-year-old bid for independence .
the french franc slipped in early trading on monday in response to a decision by outgoing european commission president jacques delors that he would not stand in the french presidential election in may .
an indonesian court refused monday to try president suharto for alleged misuse of reforestation funds , saying the tribunal had no jurisdiction in the matter .
a top asian football confederation official warned monday of severe consequences for the game world-wide unless fifa can find more `` <unk> leadership .
several men suspected of planting a car bomb which killed a leading figure in the islamic jihad movement have been arrest , gaza police chief ghazi <unk> told afp on monday .
the islamic resistance movement hamas is ready to take part in town hall elections and is negotiating with the palestinian authority for an early ballot , a senior fundamentalist said monday .
a semi-official body here monday proposed that the two rival sides of the taiwan strait hold a third round of high-level talks in beijing early next year .
share prices tumbled on the bombay stock exchange -lrb- bse -rrb- on monday in response to the defeat of india 's governing congress -lrb- i -rrb- party in crucial state elections .
a regional party took power in prime minister p.v. narasimha rao 's home state of andhra pradesh on monday and immediately imposed prohibition on liquor with the exception of a native drink .
police have arrested the suspected killer of a cambodian journalist who was gunned down last week in central kompong cham province , information minister ieng mouly said monday .
german coach berti vogts axed five players from his european championships here on monday .
namibia 's president sam nujoma , whose ruling party won a two-thirds majority in last week 's post-independence election , hinted on monday that he could seek changes to the constitution .
several men suspected of planting a car bomb which killed a leading figure in the islamic jihad movement have been arrested , gaza police chief ghazi <unk> told afp on monday .
bosnian serbs have agreed to allow a fuel convoy , blocked on the outskirts of sarajevo since saturday , into town , a un protection force spokesman said monday .
all the candidates put up for election in turkmenistan sunday were elected with between ## and ### percent of the vote , the electoral commission in <unk> said monday .
nato has asked germany to provide cover for united nations troops if a decision is taken to pull them out of bosnia , german defense ministry sources said monday .
croatian troops deployed in western bosnia to help counter the advance of serb forces , have withdrawn to croatia , a united nations official in zagreb said monday .
<unk> <unk> , bishop of <unk> in northern greece and the leader of an ultranationalist movement demanding that the south of albania be handed over to greece , died monday aged ## , the greek orthodox church reported .
britain this week holds a two-day international investment conference here to attract fresh foreign capital to a northern ireland economy just starting to recover from decades of sectarian violence .
the price of opec crude oil rose to ##.## dollars a barrel last month but remains well below the organization 's benchmark price of ## dollars , the middle east economic survey reported on monday .
around ### students staged protests monday in amman university against the opening of israel 's first embassy in jordan , an afp correspondent reported .
the russian parliament will hold a plenary session tuesday to discuss a `` political '' settlement in chechnya which would avert the need to prolong russia 's day-old military intervention in the secessionist republic , mps said monday .
reaction to jacques delors ' decision not to run for french president ranged from shock to admiration monday , with euro-sceptics relieved that he will not be pushing his federalist ideas from the elysee .
a column of around russian ### armored vehicles neared the rebel republic of chechnya monday , but faced a line of armed ingush volunteers determined to prevent them entering chechnya , correspondents reported .
swedish maritime officials say it would be possible to refloat the sunken ferry estonia but an ethics council has advised against the attempt , according to two reports presented to the swedish government monday .
italy moved closer to a political crisis monday when the leader of one of the parties in the governing coalition of prime minister silvio berlusconi accused him of `` autocratic despotism '' .
the tabloid press was on a frenzied hunt monday for the identity of the person who scooped ##.# million tax-free pounds -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- in the british national lottery winner and instantly became one of britain 's ### richest people .
a retired gendarmerie captain , who was charged with telephone tapping while working for french president francois mitterrand , committed suicide on monday , the centre-left daily le monde reported .
the cypriot registered oil tanker athenian harmony and the greek registered captan nikolas freighter collided overnight sunday in the dardanelles straight off turkey , the greek shipping ministry said monday .
thai prime minister chuan leekpai managed to forestall threatened early elections when his democrat party announced monday it was bringing an opposition party into the shaky coalition .
indian all-rounder manoj prabhakar scored a maiden test century here on monday as india fought back against the west indies in the third and final test .
triple olympic champion alberto tomba goes for his ##th world alpine skiing cup win here on monday when the white circus holds its first race under floodlights .
tasmania , last season 's sheffield shield finalists , got their revenge over champions new south wales as they won by ## runs in a thrilling day-night encounter at the sydney cricket ground on monday night .
the angolan government and rebel forces accused each other monday of violating a ceasefire agreement as talks continued between both sides on the grouping of rebel troops at collection sites .
the frankfurt stock market suffered a small loss on monday as the dax index finished the day at #,###.## points , off #.## percent from #,###.## at the friday close .
after sparking strong protests in hong kong , china sought to reassure foreign investors monday that it would preserve the territory 's social and economic system after taking over the british colony in #### .
the london stock market slipped in the first half of the monday session in the wake of a weak futures market affected by institutional sales , traders said at the noon-hour .
britain monday implored russia to avoid `` bloodshed '' and respect human rights in chechnya after russian troops entered the breakaway republic on the weekend .
the german finance ministry increased the yield on its five-year federal bonds bearing #.## percent to #.# percent from #.## percent on monday .
saudi arabia is picking up most of the ##-million dollar bill for the islamic summit here rather than staging the event and having to host iraq and other `` undesirables , '' delegates said monday .
france on monday called for a halt to clashes between russian forces and separatists in the breakaway russian republic of chechnya , saying the two sides should talk rather than allow the conflict to escalate into an armed struggle .
danish airline <unk> air has decided to continue operating its seven french-made atr-## aircraft , despite the flight ban on that model announced last friday in the united states , <unk> officials said on monday .
two israeli soldiers were wounded in a mine blast on monday in their south lebanon `` security zone '' , security sources reported .
israeli settlers in the north of the occupied west bank are doubling the size of their settlements by installing equipment on surrounding land .
kenya 's president daniel arap moi on monday ordered the finance ministry to allow foreigners to buy shares and securities in local companies through the nairobi stock exchange from january .
suprised fishermen netted two <unk> flesh-eating fish with sharp teeth in the sea of galilee , state radio reported .
the chinese olympic committee -lrb- coc -rrb- spelled out monday a range of sanctions that will be imposed on four more chinese athletes who tested positive for drugs at the asian games in october , but strongly denied the existence of any doping strategy at national level .
a fuel convoy reached the sarajevo airport monday after being blocked by bosnian serbs on the outskirts of the capital since saturday , the un protection force announced .
the emir of kuwait has dissolved the municipal council running kuwait city following arguments among its ## members , officials said monday .
the international swimming federation has warned china that any doctor or official involved in their asian games drugs scandal will be banned from the sport for life .
greek bus , taxi and lorry drivers staged a ##-hour strike on monday in protest against a minimum tax demand of about ###,### drachma -lrb- #,### dollars -rrb- .
china has produced ### million tons of crude oil since the beginning of the year , roughly the same level as the same period last year , the xinhua news agency reported monday in a despatch monitored here .
two israeli soldiers were wounded in a mine blast in south lebanon on monday and three of their proxy militiamen were also injured in an attack claimed by hezbollah , security sources reported .
the french m# money supply rose by #.# percent in october from the september level , the bank of france announced here on monday .
the number of people unemployed in spain rose by #,### in november or by #.## percent to ##.## percent of the workforce from ##.## percent in october , the labor ministry reported on monday .
chechen president dzhokhar dudayev monday denounced russia 's `` invasion '' of his republic , though said he was ready to free russian soldiers taken prisoner on sunday , one of his aides said .
last ditch talks between the russian government and separatist chechen officials opened monday in vladikavkaz , the capital of north ossetia , russian officials said , as clashes were reported between russian troops and chechens .
russian president boris yeltsin asked a highly critical parliament to join him in finding a political solution to the chechen crisis on monday , but warned this might mean allowing chechen independence .
the dollar fell back against other major currencies in early new york trading on monday in quiet trading ahead of publication later in the week of new us inflation figures .
wall street share prices opened higher monday , thanks to cover buying which began late friday .
the european commission allocated monday emergency aid to various asian countries that suffered huge losses from flooding , inter-ethnic fighting and an earthquake .
english rugby champions bath provide ## of england 's ##-man squad set for a special winter training trip to lanzarote this month .
an iraqi delegation headed by vice-president taha yassin ramadan left here monday for casablanca , where a two-day islamic summit meeting opens tuesday .
consumer prices in eastern germany were up by #.# percent in november from october and by #.# percent year on year , according to final figures released monday by the federal statistics office in wiesbaden .
jacques delors ' decision not to run for the french presidency is a major blow to the prospects for closer integration in the european union , bitterly disappointed eu officials said on monday .
a lebanese opposition mp on monday submitted documents to justice officials here which he said could incriminate prime minister rafic hariri on charges of fraud and influence-peddling .
yugoslavia , who missed the #### european championships in sweden following a united nations sporting ban , face world champions brazil on december ## for their first away match in two years .
israeli soldiers on monday arrested a leading islamic fundamentalist , sheikh jamal salim , in a dawn raid at his home in nablus on the occupied west bank , his family said .
a fuel convoy reached sarajevo airport monday after being blocked for ## hours on the outskirts of the city by bosnian serbs , the un protection force announced .
a non-governmental body founded by journalists , doctors , academics and lawyers urged commonwealth nations here tuesday to impose sanctions on nigeria for alleged human rights abuses .
israel on monday blocked a one-million-dollar tax repayment to the palestinian self-rule authority after legal advice .
a senior italian judge whose decision to reassign a corruption case was regarded as one reason for the resignation of italy 's top anti- corruption magistrate himself resigned monday , complaining of attacks on him .
five bangladeshi un peacekeepers were wounded monday , one seriously , when a missile hit their armored vehicle in the northwestern moslem pocket of bihac , a un official said .
a kenyan businessman has appealed for help in being reunited with his bride after she was taken away from him by his in-laws and `` smuggled '' out of the country , a newspaper reported monday .
spanish foreign minister javier solana said on monday he is almost sure that the fisheries problems between spain and the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- can be solved before the end of the year .
tanzania 's cash-strapped government borrowed ## million dollars from the central bank , defying world bank advice not to exceed a ## <unk> limit , the new finance minister said monday .
germany 's small free democrat party -lrb- fdp -rrb- called on the government monday to suspend provisionally plans to expel kurds living illegally in the country to turkey .
the paris bourse was hit by a sizable loss on monday as the cac ## index <unk> at #,###.## points , off #.## percent from the friday close .
after two years heading one of the united nations ' most successful peacekeeping missions , un special envoy aldo ajello on monday bid farewell to mozambique .
italy moved closer to a political crisis monday when the leader of one of the parties in the governing coalition of prime minister silvio berlusconi accused him of `` autocratic despotism .
the lira crashed to an all-time low of #,### lire to the mark at #### gmt on monday , compared with #,###.# on opening and #,### at the friday close here , dealers said .
five bangladeshi un peacekeepers were wounded monday , one seriously , when a missile hit their armored vehicle in the northwestern moslem pocket of bihac , a un official said .
soldiers executed ## convicted bandits in front of a large crowd of onlookers at enugu in northern nigeria , the punch newspaper reported monday , when it reappeared before being banned again by the junta .
computer giant ibm said monday it had stopped shipping computers fitted with the new generation pentium microprocessor , two weeks after maker intel acknowledged problems with it .
the inspector-general of the german federal armed forces , general klaus dieter naumann , will be the next chairman of nato 's military committee , a diplomatic source said here on monday .
the london stock market suffered a sizable loss on monday as the footsie index slipped by ##.# points or #.# percent to end at #,###.# points .
egypt 's fundamentalist moslem brotherhood on monday urged islamic leaders meeting in morocco to provide arms to bosnian moslems .
the white house zeroed in monday on a possible tax cut for the middle class , swinging to the right to pre-empt a republican congress and trying to mend its shattered base of support .
the united states and france are planning a safe route for retreating peacekeepers in bosnia should continued serb defiance force a pullout , french defense minister francois leotard said monday .
more than #,### demonstrators gathered monday in central moscow to protest russia 's military intervention in the breakaway republic of chechnya .
the french transport ministry announced monday that it was awarding rights to fly the paris <unk> route to aom and tat airlines as of january # , and rights to the <unk> route to tat and air liberte airline as of the same day .
greece has allowed scandinavian peacekeepers stationed in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia to use the port of salonika for their return home , the foreign ministry here announced monday .
the european commission announced monday it is making available aid worth eight million european currency units -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- to the civilian population in sudan .
a thief has cleaned out the entire selection of ### wedding dresses from a store near zurich , police said monday .
the kabul central money market reopened monday after remaining closed for five days , with new official rates of exchange announced by the government of afghan president burhanuddin rabbani .
suprised fishermen have netted five <unk> flesh-eating fish with sharp teeth in the sea of galilee , an official said monday .
iran will soon begin paying off its debt arrears to british companies , the official iranian news agency irna said monday .
prices on the london metal exchange -lrb- lme -rrb- ended lower on monday , with aluminium weighed down by disappointing stock figures from the international primary aluminium institute -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , traders said .
an iraqi citizen was shot dead by iraqi soldiers as he tried to cross into jordan at the <unk> border post , jordanian police said monday .
the chinese olympic committee spelled out monday sanctions that will be imposed on four more chinese athletes who tested positive for drugs at the asian games in october , but denied systematic doping .
the milan stock market nosedived on monday on deepening political uncertainties , as the mibtel index finished the day at #,### points - off #.## percent by comparison with the friday close .
the duchess of york sarah ferguson , on a trip to portugal to raise money to fight aids , paid a visit to the country 's president mario soares on monday , officials in the president 's office said .
german chancellor helmut kohl respects the decision of european commission president jacques delors not to run in next year 's french presidential elections , a government spokesman said here monday .
an american and a south korean have been killed on different himalayan peaks in nepal , the nepalese ministry of tourism announced monday .
burmese authorities have recently destroyed a large number of poppy fields in the country 's eastern hillside region , official radio rangoon reported monday .
two people were killed and a third seriously injured monday in an explosion at an ammunition factory in southwest france , emergency officials said .
french and us officials monday discussed the idea of providing a un - protected humanitarian corridor to help resupply the population of war-ravaged bosnia-hercegovina .
zurich building officials granted monday their first construction permit for a brothel , following a change in public decency laws .
hunting authorities have declared open season on wild boars in the <unk> region of france , in a bid to keep down a porcine explosion in the area , officials said monday .
several students and teachers were arrested in pointe-noire , the congo 's second city , where police said they were planning to disrupt classes after months of unpaid school grants , government radio said monday .
three people were killed monday in an explosion at an ammunition factory in southwest france , rescue officials said .
vice president al gore goes to moscow this week for high-level talks on bilateral cooperation , us officials said monday , calling it a sign of strong us-russian relations despite disputes over nato and the balkans .
hungarian railway workers will go on strike for ## hours from ##:## p.m. -lrb- ####gmt -rrb- monday in support of a pay claim , a union spokesmen said .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin monday ruled out any major military offensive in south lebanon , saying there were no miracle solutions for preventing guerrilla attacks .
four members of a banned islamic party have been jailed for three years each for distributing leaflets denouncing king hussein , judicial officials said here monday .
alain <unk> , the french international fly half , will be out of action for six weeks with a cracked <unk> after an opponent thumped him in an off-the-ball incident at weekend .
robert crippen , a former astronaut who became director of the kennedy space center , announced his resignation monday to pursue a career in private industry .
the united states will take action against china if copyright talks which opened in beijing on monday do not reach agreement by the end of the month , a senior us trade official warned here .
the taiwanese government and oil industry has proposed taking over <unk> , south africa 's failed offshore <unk> project , mineral and energy affairs minister pik botha said monday .
a second top anti-corruption judge stepped down monday , less than a week after the resignation of `` clean hands '' magistrate antonio di pietro , in a fresh sign of the political crisis embroiling italy 's judiciary .
ethiopia 's constituent assembly on monday officially handed over a new national constitution to president meles zenawi at a ceremony closing six weeks of discussions on its content .
a report drawn up by channel tunnel operator eurotunnel contains `` nothing alarming '' about a car fire last friday in a halted shuttle , an authoritative source said on monday .
two us oil and gasoline companies , williams and transco , announced a merger monday worth three million dollars .
the west will slip into a vietnam-style quagmire if nato gets involved in any withdrawal of un troops from bosnia , bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic warned monday .
the damascus-based popular and democratic fronts for the liberation of palestine -lrb- pflp and dflp -rrb- , both opposed to the arab-israeli peace process , have decided to merge their military leaderships .
kmart , the third biggest us department store chain , announced monday it will lay off ### workers under its restructuring program by the end of the year .
algerian president liamine zeroual announced monday that new measures would shortly be introduced `` until terrorism is eradicated '' , the official algerian news service aps reported .
south africa rejoined the un educational scientific and cultural organization -lrb- unesco -rrb- on monday , nearly ## years after it left amid protest at its government 's apartheid policies .
the case of a serb accused of war crimes in bosnia , whose trial resumed here monday , has been referred to austria 's supreme court , a judge said .
israel and the palestine liberation organization continue to search for a resolution to the issue of the redeployment of israeli troops on the west bank , israeli foreign minister shimon peres said monday .
french civil aviation authorities said monday they were taking no measures restricting flights by atr planes despite their total grounding in canada and a us ban on their take-off in icy conditions .
the supreme court acquitted ex-president fernando collor de mello monday , saying there was insufficient evidence to find him guilty of corruption .
national security adviser anthony lake departs tuesday on a ##-day tour of eight african countries to offer us help in addressing the crises affecting the region , the white house said monday .
triple olympic champion alberto tomba clinched his ##th alpine skiing world cup victory here on monday , winning the floodlit men 's slalom with a dramatic late burst .
president bill clinton has invited bulgarian president zhelyu zhelev to washington for talks february ## on the balkans conflict and other issues , the white house said monday .
triple olympic champion alberto tomba clinched his ##th alpine skiing world cup victory in pain here on monday , after a warm-up mishap .
a member of the new republican congressional majority proposed monday a sharp reduction in foreign aid , particularly to developing countries , and tougher conditions linking aid to us interests .
an advertising executive killed by a parcel bomb was the latest victim in a string of attacks since #### by a serial bomber with an apparent grudge against high-technology , police said monday .
judge antonio di pietro said monday he had no ambitions to enter the political arena following his spectacular resignation as a leading investigator into corruption scandals in italy .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- want china to deliver a solemn promise to step up the fight against drug abuse in sport .
italian premier silvio berlusconi could use a vote of confidence in the senate to force through pension reforms in his #### budget , an official in the prime minister 's office , luigi grillo , said monday .
saudi arabia urged islamic countries monday to take action to halt the russian military offensive in chechnya .
islamic militants shot dead a policeman and two civilian guards monday in the qena region of southern egypt , police said .
time is running out on the national hockey league , blocked by a labor dispute , and the season could be abandoned early in january , team owners agreed monday .
yemen said monday it was determined to defend its territorial integrity following border clashes between saudi and yemeni soldiers last week .
islamic militants shot dead a policeman and two civilian guards monday in southern egypt , police said .
the dollar lost ground against other major currencies monday in quiet trading ahead of publication later in the week of new us inflation figures .
jacques chirac , france 's only declared candidate for next year 's presidential election , said monday he was `` optimistic and determined '' after potential rival jacques delors said he would not run .
arsenal lifted the gloom which had descended over highbury with the latest allegations against george graham by recording their first premiership win in seven matches to end city 's unbeaten home record .
a senior us official warned monday washington will not establish full diplomatic ties with north korea unless pyongyang halts missile sales and withdraws its troops from the border with south korea .
former president fernando collor de mello was acquitted on corruption charges monday by brazil 's supreme court , which said there was insufficient evidence implicating collor in a massive influence - peddling scheme .
israel and djibouti have decided to normalise relations , a spokesman for the israeli delegation at the united nations said monday .
blue-chip share prices rose monday on wall street despite a slump in the technology sector prompted by ibm 's decision to halt sales of computers with a defective pentium microprocessor .
more leaders from islamic countries were to arrive here tuesday for the start of a summit preoccupied with war in bosnia and other conflicts affecting moslems .
the united states developed plans in the ####s to use atomic weapons against china in the event of a flareup of fighting after the end of the korean war , according to documents made public monday .
a government energy agency announced monday it would not be completing work on three unfinished reactors , saying the project was plunging the agency into debt .
president bill clinton plans to address the country thursday to set forth the direction he wants to lead the country in the last two years of his term , the white house said monday .
foreign minister klaus kinkel late monday said germany would probably provide fighter planes in response to nato 's request that it supply cover if un troops are withdrawn from bosnia .
the united states is demanding compensation from the european union for losses in export revenue from the entry of finland , sweden and austria into the union , trade representative mickey kantor said monday .
former president fernando collor de mello was acquitted on corruption charges monday by brazil 's supreme court , which said there was insufficient evidence to implicate collor in a massive influence - peddling scheme .
share prices opened slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
the dollar opened lower at ##.## yen in tokyo on tuesday , down #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen .
islamic foreign ministers failed after marathon talks to settle an arab row over jerusalem in time for tuesday 's summit , officials said .
external debt held by developing countries rose by ## billion dollars in #### , mainly through commercial finance , hitting a year-end total of #,### bn dollars , the oecd 's development assistance committee -lrb- dac -rrb- said .
opposition mps on monday urged prime minister john major to retract ironic remarks on his fellow european premiers , who he said could not find their own parliaments even with the help of a guide dog .
more than ### fresh us troops were deployed monday in panama to strengthen security at camps for cuban refugees following riots last week in which some #,### detainees escaped , a us military spokesman said .
islamic leaders gathering here for a summit starting tuesday will break new ground by debating a resolution on the status of moslem children all over the world .
american eagle airlines began transferring its fleet of ## atr commuter planes to southern locations monday after federal authorities barred them from flying in icy conditions .
a woman from ohio gave birth to quintuplets monday -- three girls and two boys -- after having resorted to in vitro fertilization to become pregnant .
indonesia 's high court has increased the jail term against business tycoon eddy tansil to ## years , saying the previous ##-year term for the country 's biggest corruption case was not severe enough .
authorities in the russian republic of daghestan secured the release of ## russian soldiers captured sunday on their way to neighboring chechnya and have reached an accord on freeing ## still being held , the itar-tass news agency reported early tuesday .
china 's foreign trade rose ## percent on the previous year to ###.## billion dollars in the ## months to november , the official xinhua news agency announced tuesday .
indian prime minister p.v. narasimha rao will not quit as president of the ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party despite its rout in crucial state elections , a spokesman said tuesday .
chinese premier li peng on wednesday will officially launch construction work on the controversial three gorges dam -- the world 's largest hydroelectric project .
hong kong released a group of ## vietnamese boat people from detention camps tuesday despite a public outcry for their eventual return to vietnam .
china 's foreign trade rose ## percent on the previous year to ###.## billion dollars in the ## months to november , the chinese press reported tuesday .
china is moving to strengthen central control over the country 's chaotic and volatile real estate sector -- a major source of inflationary pressure -- a senior government official was quoted as saying tuesday .
visiting hong kong governor chris patten on tuesday reaffirmed the british colony 's support for south korean trade minister kim chul-su as first director general of the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- .
england captain mike atherton was forced out of the world series one - day match against australia a with a back injury at the melbourne cricket ground here tuesday .
sri lanka 's cricket chiefs are hoping to sign up former australian captain allan border or former england all rounder ian botham as national team manager , a press report here said .
israeli troops shot and wounded a suspected palestinian car thief at the main crossing point into the autonomous gaza strip on tuesday , military sources said .
australia 's main <unk> state of queensland processed a record ##.# million tonnes of cane from the #### season , the queensland sugar corp. said tuesday .
share prices continued sliding on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday as investors took profits ahead of year 's end amid concerns about a possible increase in us interest rates .
a top chinese trade official has slammed as `` irresponsible '' foreign media reports that china 's investment climate is deteriorating amid disputes with us-funded enterprises .
indonesian soldiers in east timor arrested an alleged fretilin rebel at the weekend , but nine others with him escaped , a military spokesman said here tuesday .
an american tourist was found dead sunday on the rim of the crater of mount bromo , a us consulate official said in surabaya , east java , tuesday .
one person was killed and ## others injured when a man hurled a hand grenade into a crowd in southwestern china while resisting arrest , it was reported tuesday .
japan 's kobe steel ltd. is finalizing plans for a ### million dollar <unk> venture in venezuela with steelmakers from the united states , italy and south korea , a spokesman said tuesday .
peugeot said tuesday it will start selling its motorbikes and bicycles in vietnam next year to test the market for the possible opening of an assembly line here .
cuban president fidel castro showed more concern with the republican takeover of the us congress than his exclusion from the summit of the americas , in an interview published in tuesday 's new york times .
malawi 's justice minister has expressed reservations about some clauses of his country 's constitution - raising fears that the new government may be tempted to slide the country back into the autocratic rule , zimbabwe 's ziana news agency reported tuesday .
the rand was slightly lower against the dollar tuesday , opening at #.#### \/ ## rands to the greenback from monday 's close of #.#### \/ ## .
french police arrested tuesday about ## people belonging to or associated with the solar temple sect which has been the focus of a mass murder probe since the deaths of ## members in october .
the dollar closed slightly lower against the yen and the mark in tokyo tuesday as many players sat on the sidelines awaiting the release of us inflation indicators .
philippine aviation authorities on tuesday ordered extra safety measures after admitting that a `` breach of security '' probably led to the blast that killed a japanese passenger on a philippines airlines -lrb- pal -rrb- jet .
taiwan 's cabinet will undergo a major reshuffle following watershed elections earlier this month that saw the ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- party booted out of the taipei mayor 's office , a government source said tuesday .
palestinian self-rule negotiations , which resume in cairo on wednesday , are not deadlocked over an israeli redeployment on the west bank , foreign minister shimon peres said tuesday .
a person was killed and another wounded early tuesday as they tried to plant a bomb in a car parked outside a mosque in the tourist district of <unk> here , the anatolia news agency reported .
fighting between chechen separatist forces and russian troops erupted early tuesday west of the capital grozny with shelling and helicopter gunship fire audible several kilometers -lrb- miles -rrb- away .
all-rounder craig white gave battered england some hope against australia a with a rearguard innings in the world series one-day cricket match at the melbourne cricket ground here tuesday .
a leading taiwan health official called tuesday for greater public understanding of aids , following the publicity given to an eight year old whose ## classmates moved schools rather than be with him .
bosnian serb officials have given the go-ahead for a partial reopening of sarajevo airport but only to allow rotation of un protection force troops , a un official said tuesday .
aviation and defense experts said tuesday that firecrackers or gunpowder could have caused the weekend blast on a philippine airlines -lrb- pal -rrb- plane , but philippine officials dismissed the speculation and said it would take some time to find the answer .
rain in late october and early november led australian forecasters tuesday to revise upwards their forecasts for the country 's drought - devastated winter grains crop .
former french premier antoine pinay died at his home near here early tuesday less than three weeks before he was to have turned ### , officials said .
australia looks certain to raise taxes and interest rates early next year after a statement by australian treasurer ralph willis foreshadowing a tightening of fiscal policy , analysts said tuesday .
a kenyan musician who demanded sex with women without a condom despite knowing he had the hiv virus was tuesday convicted of causing grievous bodily harm .
a ##-year-old filipino boy seized a samurai sword off the wall and killed his friend in a fit of rage after the friend hinted that the boy 's girlfriend had been unfaithful , police said .
saudi arabia should brace itself for sacrifices as it grapples with worsening debt and other economic problems caused by lower oil prices and a huge gulf war bill , according to an official report published in the london-based daily al-hayat .
west indies established a commanding second innings lead of ### by tea on the fourth day of the third test on tuesday to boost their hopes of levelling the series .
seven people , including a child , were killed in overnight sniping in this troubled port city , where ## people have died in ethnic and sectarian violence in december alone , police said .
officials said tuesday they were increasing security in the philippines ' two main international airports , in manila and cebu , out of fear that the mid-air explosion aboard a philippine airlines -lrb- pal -rrb- plane on sunday may have been caused by security problems .
the lira slumped to an historic low point early on tuesday hours before italian prime minister silvio berlusconi was to appear before an anti-corruption tribunal , dealers said .
share prices firmed marginally in thin trading early on tuesday and were underpinned by a strong wall street performance overnight and a rally in futures , dealers said .
japan 's prime minister tomiichi murayama pledged to root out school bullying on tuesday , ordering the education ministry to hammer out new measures against violence among students .
thailand has rejected an official us request to extradite a former thai member of parliament , wanted in california for smuggling more than ## tons of marijuana , foreign minister thaksin shinawatra said tuesday .
the degussa ag metals , chemicals and pharmaceuticals group increased pre-tax profits by ##.# percent in the year to september on an improvement on all fronts , the company said on tuesday .
north korea marked the third anniversary of a dormant reconciliation agreement with south korea on tuesday by reviving a call for an end to all forms of inter-korean political strife and slander .
two senior us senators arrived in hanoi tuesday at the start of a visit to discuss efforts to find the remains of american servicemen missing in action from the vietnam war .
a subsidiary of usair , jetstream international airlines , has ordered ## dornier ### regional transport aircraft , deutsche aerospace -lrb- dasa -rrb- said here tuesday .
former french finance minister antoine pinay , monetary reformer and father of the `` new franc , '' died at his home near here tuesday less than three weeks before he was to have turned ### .
the market authorities said then that the irregularities were not connected to trading in securities .
german retail sales fell by #.# percent in real terms in october from the figure for october #### , provisional official figures showed on tuesday .
thai agriculture minister <unk> <unk> resigned from his post tuesday , effectively thwarting a planned no-confidence debate centered on a land redistribution scandal in parliament wednesday .
england beat australia a by ## runs in the world series cup cricket match here on tuesday .
the lira slumped to an historic low point early tuesday hours before italian prime minister silvio berlusconi was to appear before an anti- corruption tribunal , while the french franc slipped to its lowest point this year , dealers said .
french police on tuesday arrested about ## people with alleged links to the solar temple sect , which has been the focus of a mass murder probe since the deaths of ## members in october .
at least seven people were killed and five were injured monday in an outbreak of warfare between rival taxi organizations in this northern transvaal town , police said tuesday .
a french charity which recently pulled out of strife-torn somalia plans to evaluate the need for medicines in the horn of africa nation and respond accordingly , it stated here tuesday .
philippine airlines -lrb- pal -rrb- confirmed here tuesday that a joint survey team with japan airlines personnel had ruled out a mechanical defect as a possible cause of the mid-air blast aboard a pal boeing ###-### on sunday that killed one japanese passenger .
the burgeoning egyptian population will soar to ##.## million by the year #### , a rise of almost ## million , a government minister told tuesday 's al-akhbar newspaper .
tunisia slammed syria and lebanon on tuesday for boycotting a session of multilateral middle east arms talks here .
police in the east belgian city of liege reported tuesday the finding of a human left forearm from which the fingers had been amputated five days after municipal <unk> discovered a human foot .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi arrived shortly after noon -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- at the milan law court for a meeting with magistrates investigating him for alleged corruption .
the french cnpf organization representing employers elected jean gandois , who had campaigned in favor of the `` citizen 's enterprise '' , as its president on tuesday .
a rwandan mountain gorilla was killed by a mine blast in the northwest of the country , the first silverback victim of the civil war that broke out again in april , the african wildlife foundation -lrb- awf -rrb- said .
hungarian railway workers were on strike on tuesday in support of pay claims , an official of the independent railway workers ' union said on the radio here .
police shot dead a military leader from the outlawed fundamentalist jamaa <unk> in a gunbattle in a cemetery in southern egypt on tuesday , police said .
madame gres , one of the grandes dames of french couture , died a year ago , the daily le monde reported tuesday quoting her daughter anne gres , who admitted having concealed the news of her mother 's death `` out of love .
brian lara smashed a brilliant ## here on tuesday as the west indies made a last-ditch attempt to win the third test against india and square the series .
the condition of prince bernard of the netherlands , who was hospitalised in utrecht more than two weeks ago , is still giving concern , but his doctors are not unhappy with his progress , a palace spokesman said here tuesday .
british lieutenant-general rupert smith , a decorated gulf war hero , will replace lieutenant-general sir michael rose , also british , as commander of peacekeeping forces in bosnia next month , the ministry of defense said tuesday .
the israeli army is preparing to redeploy on the west bank , deputy chief of staff general <unk> vilnai said tuesday on the eve of talks with the plo on a pull-back to allow for elections .
the us moviemaker woody allen flew into the picturesque sicilian resort of taormina on a private jet on monday to film a scene in his latest film , but declined to talk about the project .
a ##-year-old man who lives in a squat in central paris is to bid for the french presidency to highlight the plight of france 's growing army of homeless people , he said tuesday .
four people were injured tuesday by a bomb placed outside an istanbul toy store , five hours after a similar explosion killed one person and injured another , the anatolia news agency reported .
the london stock market posted a gain in early trading on tuesday , but then dipped into the loss column by the noon-hour under the influence of weak bond and futures markets , traders said .
european commission chief jacques delors on tuesday blamed his decision not to stand for the french presidency on lack of support for his ideas in france -- in particular from the political center .
the israeli army is preparing to redeploy on the west bank , deputy chief of staff general matan vilnai said tuesday , fending off charges of trying to block the peace process .
china on tuesday warned the six members of asean against backing hanoi in its dispute with beijing over the spratly islands .
china 's budget deficit will exceed its #### target of ## billion yuan -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- due to lower-than-expected state revenue , burgeoning tax defaults and abuse of public funds , finance minister liu zhongli said tuesday .
officials from ## telecommunication authorities signed a preliminary agreement here on tuesday to study the possibility of laying a new optical fiber submarine cable linking southeast asia and western europe via the middle east .
taiwan proposed on tuesday to set up a framework aimed at resolving trade disagreements with bitter political rival china , once cross - strait commerce passes the ## billion us dollar mark this year .
weather changes , including global warming , may be caused in part by some of the ### flights a day across the atlantic between europe and north america , according to preliminary findings by a research agency released here tuesday .
south africa 's producer price inflation -lrb- ppi -rrb- dropped to #.# percent per annum in october , #.# percent down on september 's three-year high of ##.# percent , the central statistical services -lrb- css -rrb- said tuesday .
britain tuesday was reviewing its ##-year-old rules governing stage hypnosis amid claims that a woman died of a fit and a man was reduced to a <unk> state after being hypnotized for fun .
the regional electricity company southern electric is to shed #,### jobs , representing about one quarter of its workforce , during the next five years , the company said on tuesday , reporting a profits increase .
swedish telecommunications group ericsson said tuesday it had signed a deal with spain 's telefonica espana sa group to supply it with #.# million telephone lines for an amount estimated at four to five billion kronor -lrb- ### to ### million dollars -rrb- .
french financial company sophia has launched a bond issue worth ### million francs -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- at a nominal interest rate of #.# percent and a duration of ## years , the firm announced on tuesday .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has given in to the philippines ' request that economic targets under a loan program be eased to allow for higher economic growth , official sources said here tuesday .
chinese state-owned companies must be allowed to lay off excess workers despite the accompanying threat of mass unemployment , vice labor minister zhu <unk> was quoted as saying tuesday .
britain 's leading airline , british airways -lrb- ba -rrb- , said tuesday it is selling its holiday airline , caledonian airways , to tour operator inspirations for ##.# million pounds -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- .
the central bank of botswana on tuesday announced a drastic freeing up of foreign exchange controls in a bid to promote the country as the switzerland of southern africa .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- will send social experts to schools to give lectures and distribute booklets in a campaign against marriage to foreign women , officials said tuesday .
german monetary reserves dropped by #.# billion marks to ###.# billion marks in the first banking week in december , ending on the #th , the bundesbank announced here on tuesday .
retail sales bounced #.# percent in november as christmas shoppers moved into high gear near the end of the month while wholesale prices rose #.# percent , the government announced tuesday .
tunisia slammed syria and lebanon on tuesday for boycotting a session of multilateral middle east talks on security and disarmament here .
dissident vietnamese writer duong thu huong was awarded a top french arts honor tuesday for her work in fighting for human rights in her country , officials said .
iberia airline 's ground staff overwhelmingly approved a preliminary agreement between unions and management in a move that should bolster the airline 's firmness in resisting pilots ' demands , aviation industry observers said on tuesday .
the frankfurt stock market lost ground on tuesday as the dax index finished the day at #,###.## points , down #.## percent by comparison with the monday close .
three police chiefs heading the fight against eta separatists in southwest france have been dismissed in a shake-up of anti-terrorism activities in the area , officials said tuesday .
the monthly inflation rate in ukraine surged from ## percent in october to ##.# percent in november compared to #.# percent in september , vice economy minister viktor <unk> said on tuesday in remarks reported by the interfax-ukraine news agency .
a <unk> convoy bringing ## tonnes of food and provisions reached sarajevo tuesday `` without problems and with an escort , '' kris janowski , spokesman for the un high commissioner for refugees , said .
hewlett-packard intends to play a leading role in telecommunications and information highways by investing mainly in multi-media and <unk> platforms , the company said here on tuesday .
a bangladeshi un soldier died tuesday after being wounded in an unclaimed attack in bosnia 's bihac pocket , where four other soldiers were injured , officials in the un protection force -lrb- unprofor -rrb- said here .
saudi arabia and iran rejected a request by oman to include `` religious extremism '' in a plan to fight militant violence debated at an islamic summit here , delegates said .
three international archaeologists will ask unesco to help recover rare antiques which iraq alleges were stolen during the january - february #### gulf war , an official said here tuesday .
canada has undertaken to finance the provision of permanent electrical power supplies to the rwandan capital kigali , officials from the two countries said here tuesday .
a group of journalists from the british news agency reuters came under fire tuesday as they were trying to cross the border from ingushetia into chechnya but none was hit , the russian itar-tass agency reported .
french former formula one world champion alain prost , britain 's favorite `` <unk> '' , was awarded the order of the british empire here on tuesday .
the board of directors of swedish forestry group assidomaen on tuesday approved an investment program for assidomaen <unk> worth #.# billion kronor -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- , to begin during #### , the company said .
trade minister richard needham on tuesday called on british businesses to sponsor a major program to restore some of the finest indo - british buildings in india .
the paris bourse suffered a slight loss on tuesday as the cac ## index ended the day at #,###.## points , off #.## percent from the monday close .
a cabinet minister was embroiled in controversy tuesday after writing the foreword in an ideological booklet for extremist catholics who favor a return to germany 's borders under the third reich .
an explosion tore through a fertilizer plant near here , killing at least four people and injured at least ## others , officials said .
moslem leaders at a summit here tuesday discussed the fighting in chechnya and considered contacts with moscow to see if mediation was possible , a source close to the summit said .
commonwealth ### metre champion diane modahl began her defense before a british athletic federation -lrb- baf -rrb- panel here on tuesday against charges that she took the male hormone testosterone .
former socialist premier michel rocard on tuesday ruled out standing in next year 's presidential elections for the french left , after the withdrawal of jacques delors .
an officer from fatah , the main plo faction , was killed tuesday when a shell he was trying to dismantle in the ain helweh refugee camp blew up , palestinian officials said .
the italian senate 's left-wing opposition withdrew tuesday potentially destabilising amendments to the controversial draft budget of prime minister silvio berlusconi .
the duchess of york , the estranged wife of britain 's prince andrew , revealed that she had taken three tests for the aids virus in an interview published tuesday by the diario de noticias in lisbon .
the british government on tuesday gave the go-ahead for a ##-mile -lrb- ##-kilometer -rrb- tramway linking the london suburb croydon and wimbledon in south london , the city 's first tram system since #### .
the standing committee of china 's national people 's congress -lrb- npc -rrb- is to meet december ##-## to discuss draft banking , prison , education and police laws , the xinhua news agency said tuesday .
london stocks made a modest gain on tuesday as the footsie index finished the day at #,###.# points , up #.## percent by comparison with the monday close .
the high-profile corruption trial of italy 's former health minister francesco de lorenzo got under way in his absence here tuesday , after the court refused to accept he was too ill to attend , judicial officials said .
syria 's official newspapers on tuesday accused israel of trying to kill all hope for peace in the middle east , after the israeli army threatened to go on the attack against hezbollah guerrillas in south lebanon .
kuwait will sign a defense accord with china next year , kuwaiti defense minister sheikh ahmad <unk> al-sabah said tuesday .
the swedish central bank said tuesday that it was raising its securities repurchase -lrb- `` repo '' -rrb- rate from #.# to #.# percent , effective the same day , to head off any increase in inflation and hence to help economic growth .
despite a valiant ## from martin crowe , new zealand slumped to a disappointing ### all out against pakistan in their mandela trophy one-day international here tuesday .
scottish international duncan ferguson completed a four million pound move to everton after two months on loan from glasgow rangers here on tuesday .
french economics minister edmond alphandery said tuesday that he wants to have agf insurance group privatized `` as soon as possible '' .
wimbledon 's vinnie jones will make his debut for wales in the crucial european championship group seven tie with bulgaria here on wednesday .
a russian armored column of mixed tanks and troop transporters reached the outskirts of the chechen capital grozny late tuesday , the russian government said .
brondby 's danish international brian jensen has agreed to join french first division club rennes on loan for the rest of the season .
iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas are on high alert after the israeli army threatened to launch an offensive in south lebanon , a hezbollah leader said tuesday .
france 's fifth national tv station , devoted to educational programming and committed to a blanket ban on violence , took to the airwaves tuesday .
an explosion tore through a fertilizer plant near here tuesday , killing at least three people and rupturing huge ammonia tanks , officials said .
nato secretary general willy claes tuesday denied that un officials called for air support after a serb attack in northwest bosnia that left one bangladeshi peacekeeper dead and another critically wounded .
rwandan vice president and defense minister paul kagame asked his us counterpart william perry tuesday for his support in taking action to remove members of the hutu militia from refugee camps in zaire .
bangladeshi author taslima nasreen , who has been threatened with death by moslem extremists for allegedly blaspheming islam , arrived here tuesday for a short visit amid tight security .
a british lawmaker tuesday accused former prime minister margaret thatcher of trying to prevent the truth emerging over the lockerbie airliner bombing , in which ### people were killed .
nato secretary general willy claes tuesday angrily denied that the un protection force had asked alliance warplanes to respond to a serb attack that left one bangladeshi peacekeeper dead and another critically wounded .
as president bill clinton was plotting his strategy tuesday to fend off resurgent republicans , a top democrat suggested a third party should take him on in the #### presidential race .
saudi arabia said tuesday other moslem countries should take note of iraq 's recognition of kuwait , describing it as a start towards peace in the gulf region .
two parliamentary research aides who paid an unauthorized visit to the office of british labor leader tony blair were disciplined tuesday with a six-week ban from the house of commons .
lawmakers refused to take a clear position tuesday on russia 's intervention in the rebel republic of chechnya , criticizing president boris yeltsin for not doing enough to defuse the crisis but insisting on russia 's territorial integrity .
leaders of islamic countries began a summit meeting here tuesday aimed at adopting a united stand on stopping serb attacks against moslems in bosnia .
croatia and albania tuesday signed a military and technical cooperation agreement here which they stressed was not directed against `` any third country '' , the official croatian news agency hina said .
john daly , the hard-driving former pga championship winner who quit the pga tour in september , plans to return at the first us event in #### .
the french senate on tuesday rejected a controversial proposal to tighten restrictions on the reporting of legal proceedings by the media , voting almost unanimously against it .
france scored their first win in four european championship qualifying games , beating azerbaijan here tuesday to move into third place in group one .
texaco announced tuesday an agreement with norway 's statoil and british petroleum to explore three nigerian offshore blocks .
leaders of islamic countries began a summit meeting here tuesday aimed at adopting a united stand on stopping serb attacks against moslems in bosnia .
iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas went on high alert in south lebanon tuesday as the israeli army warned that they would not find any sanctuary from attack .
french company brittany ferries is considering opening new routes linking britain with southern france and spain , the company said tuesday .
london 's imperial war museum tuesday paid a record ##,### pounds -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- for the original working draft of a world war ii speech by the late prime minister , winston churchill .
bangladeshi un peacekeepers called for allied air support when they came under missile attack but the request never reached the nato base in naples , italy , a un official said tuesday .
all but a handful of the ### candidates put up by hungary 's ## ethnic minorities in municipal elections on sunday were successful , figures from the national election bureau revealed tuesday .
eight belgian paratroopers went on trial in a military court tuesday for wanton violence and the involuntary manslaughter of two somalis during un operations in somalia in #### , judicial sources said .
jim courier and todd martin will play for the us team when it begins davis cup play here in february against france , us captain tom gullikson said tuesday .
an imprisoned rapist due to be released this month will remain in jail pending further inquiries into the murder of an irish hitchhiker , authorities said tuesday .
prime minister john major tuesday accused spain of introducing unnecessarily lengthy formalities on its border with the british colony of gibraltar .
south africa 's neal peterson , whose boat dismasted a week ago , has dropped out of the boc challenge , a solo round the world yacht race that began here last september .
an explosion tore through a fertilizer plant near here tuesday , killing at least four people and rupturing huge ammonia tanks , officials said .
talks aimed at tackling the problems of refugees in the middle east opened tuesday in the turkish mediterranean resort of antalya , attended by ### delegates from ## countries and organizations .
the murder trial of football legend o.j. simpson could get underway early next month following a motion by his lawyers tuesday to cancel a hearing on the admissibility of crucial blood samples .
the opposition yemen socialist party -lrb- ysp -rrb- said tuesday police were occupying the building housing its headquarters in sanaa and accused the authorities of detaining one of its members , amin ahmed qassem .
king hassan ii of morocco said tuesday no authority had the right to issue death decrees against moslems as the seventh islamic summit opened here .
a dozen shivering young people clad only in g-strings staged a bare protest in central vienna on tuesday against fur sales in austria , particularly brisk at christmas .
finnish mining and metals group outokumpu has signed an agreement with finnish group tampella to restructure and intensify cooperation in their mining technology sectors , outokumpu said tuesday .
a french selection beat canada ##-## in a rugby union match here tuesday .
the republican party is set to stage its #### national nominating convention in san diego , california .
the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- was forced to accept an independent arbiters ' recommendation here on tuesday to lift a one-year fa cup ban on tottenham hotspur and scrap a plan to deduct six points from the club 's final premiership total .
zairean prime minister kengo wa dondo said in brussels tuesday he will not be a candidate in general elections due to be held in zaire in #### .
ugandan president yoweri museveni stressed tuesday his opposition to multi-party politics , saying the system was not suitable for a `` backward '' country like uganda .
former indycar champion danny sullivan acknowledged here on tuesday that nigel mansell made an important contribution to the sport in the united states but added that the english formula one driver will not be missed .
the future of former england international peter shilton as manager of plymouth argyle was put in jeopardy here on tuesday after fresh disclosures about his financial position .
a financial advisor to california 's orange county said tuesday the county lost #.## billion dollars on failed investments and warned the hole could get deeper unless measures were taken .
a military court here on tuesday sentenced a policeman to death for murder -- the fifth death penalty to be handed down since the ####-#### lebanese civil war ended .
the united states will ask nato defense ministers wednesday to back french plans for strengthening the un protection force in bosnia including the creation of a humanitarian corridor between split and sarajevo , a senior us official said tuesday .
pakistan strolled to a five-wicket win over new zealand in their mandela trophy one-day international here tuesday , placing themselves in strong contention for a berth in the final .
one of the largest private collections of souvenirs of the #### battle of trafalgar was sold at auction in london tuesday for ###,### pounds -lrb- around ###,### dollars -rrb- , twice its estimated value .
bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen , who has been threatened with death by moslem extremists for allegedly blaspheming islam , said in vienna tuesday she was an atheist opposed to religious fundamentalism of all kinds .
south korean baseball pitcher chan ho park made a brief stay in the major leagues , but it was enough to gain him a television advertisement .
another ##,### national basketball association fans in australia will have the chance to vote on which players make the league 's all-star game .
a meeting of heads of state and government of the ## permanent members of the un security council planned for late january has been canceled , argentina 's envoy to the united nations said tuesday .
the united states and kuwait will begin a weeklong amphibious field training exercise thursday involving #,### us military personnel , the pentagon said tuesday .
the dollar was mixed against the other major currencies in quiet new york trading tuesday after a decline in long-term interest rates on the bond market .
the canadian government said tuesday it had rejected a bid by cp rail system to take over the eastern assets of cn north america .
national security adviser anthony lake left for africa tuesday on a mission the white house said would boost aid in the region as part of a strategy to prevent conflicts from erupting .
a summit meeting of the ##-nation un security council scheduled for next month has been postponed amid continuing differences over bosnia , argentina 's envoy to the united nations said tuesday .
faced with some of the greatest potential budget cuts in modern history , a parliamentary committee -- controlled by canada 's governing liberal party -- urged finance minister paul martin on tuesday not to cut farm income supports .
british prime minister john major on tuesday called for international pressure to make the northern ireland peace process `` irreversible .
wall street prices slipped downward tuesday amid confusion sparked by the release of the latest economic indicators showing continued strong economic growth and inflation under control .
the dollar opened at ###.## yen in tokyo on wednesday , up #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen .
south african president nelson mandela tuesday intervened in a simmering row between home affairs minister mangosuthu buthelezi and zulu king goodwill zwelithini , mandela 's office said in a statement .
a plane carrying ## passengers crashed tuesday near raleigh-durham international airport , authorities said .
a commuter plane carrying up to ## people operated by american eagle airlines crashed tuesday near raleigh-durham international airport in north carolina , airport authorities said .
unidentified gunmen , suspected by security forces of having been islamic militants , opened fire at a train station in southern egypt , killing one policeman and a passerby , police reported .
share prices opened slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
president michal kovac on tuesday named the third government of prime minister vladimir meciar , whose movement for a democratic slovakia -lrb- hzds -rrb- has joined two small radical parties in a ruling coalition .
at least ## people died when an american eagle commuter plane carrying ## people crashed tuesday near raleigh-durham international airport in north carolina .
at least ## people died when a commuter plane people crashed tuesday near raleigh-durham international airport in north carolina , authorities said .
two and a half months after the ferry estonia sank in the baltic sea , the families of the ### victims have no idea what went wrong nor if the bodies of their relatives will be retrieved .
japan 's leading automaker , toyota motor corporation , is likely to post a ## percent year-on-year jump in its interim pre-tax profit to around ### billion yen -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in the six months to december , a major business daily said wednesday .
indonesian authorities have repatriated ### vietnamese from the galang refugee center south of singapore , the vietnamese refugees prevention and management centre said here wednesday .
senior chinese officials have demanded strict measures to curb inflation in #### , a report said wednesday .
nec <unk> , the biggest producer of personal computers in japan , is considering how to deal with the flawed pentium chip made by intel corporation and may make an announcement later this week , a spokesman said wednesday .
share prices rebounded moderately on the tokyo stock exchange wednesday on bargain hunting by japanese institutional investors .
the west indies trounced india by ### runs in the third and final cricket test here wednesday to draw the series .
sudanese military ruler omar al-bashir has set up two new state security organs , answerable only to him , the official press reported wednesday .
kenny benjamin and skipper courtney walsh ripped through india 's batting to fire west indies to a sensational series-levelling win in the third and final test here wednesday .
vietnam television -lrb- vtv -rrb- is considering a plan to build a ###-metre -lrb- <unk> -rrb- broadcasting tower in hanoi that will include tourist facilities and a studio center , a vtv official said wednesday .
newcastle 's andy cole and liverpool 's robbie fowler reinforced their claims for full england caps here on tuesday with a goal apiece in england b 's #-# win over their republic of ireland counterparts .
the dollar closed slightly higher against the yen but edged down against the mark in tokyo wednesday as traders took a wait-and-see stance ahead of the release of us inflation data .
french construction giant <unk> et travaux publics said wednesday it won a ### million hong kong dollar -lrb- ## million us -rrb- government contract for the construction of a supply depot .
nepal 's minority communist government is confident of winning a vote of confidence in the country 's new parliament due to hold its first session here on wednesday , a communist party official said .
olympic officials consider china 's sporting administration must undergo a radical reform following the asian games drugs scandal in october which exposed ## chinese competitors as drugs cheats .
national basketball association results and standings after tuesday 's games .
zimbabwe 's injury problems are easing and captain andy flower is confident his world cricket minnows can upset england in their world series cup one-dayer here thursday .
prime minister li peng presided over a ceremony wednesday to mark the groundbreaking of the mammoth three gorges dam on the yangtze river , declaring it a `` major event '' in china 's development .
nec corp. , the biggest producer of personal computers in japan , will continue to use the flawed pentium chip made by intel corp. until a replacement is found , a senior official said wednesday .
german conglomerate daimler-benz announced wednesday the establishment of a joint venture laboratory with the shanghai institute of metallurgy for research in microelectronics .
hundreds of gaza students marked the seventh anniversary of the islamic resistance movement hamas on wednesday as israel lamented having encouraged the creation of the hardline fundamentalist group .
us oil firm caltex has opened two offices in vietnam and is planning investment in downstream products including fuels and <unk> oils , a report said wednesday .
china 's advertising boom has spawned a new breed of unscrupulous agents and publishers who are only too happy to make false claims in the pursuit of a fast buck , a senior industry official was quoted as saying wednesday .
the romanian government has promised orders worth ## million dollars to revive the shattered economy of an industrial town where market reforms have laid off more than half the workforce , romanian radio reported wednesday .
china 's state-run media launched a bitter attack on local officials wednesday for shirking their responsibility after two fires in ## days claimed more than ### lives .
hezbollah guerrillas bombed a south lebanon army patrol on wednesday killing or wounding all nine pro-israeli militiamen , the moslem fundamentalist group said .
nec corp. , the biggest producer of personal computers in japan , will continue to use the flawed pentium chip made by intel corp. until a replacement is found , a senior official said wednesday .
nato defense ministers met here on thursday for talks on the alliance 's contingency planning for a possible withdrawal of un peacekeepers from the former yugoslavia .
chechen president dzhokhar dudayev said he was suspending negotiations between his secessionist republic and moscow and called on his supporters to fight russian troops , interfax news agency reported wednesday .
the bundesbank on wednesday made a net injection of #.# billion marks -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- into the banking system as part of a ##-day repurchase arrangement at a fixed rate of #.## percent .
finland 's unemployment rate was ##.# per cent in november , the ministry of labor announced wednesday .
an explosion at a us military firing range in south korea shattered windows in a nearby village wednesday and sent villagers fleeing from their houses , a military spokesman and press reports said .
the northern league , partners in the ruling coalition , and the leftist opposition have each filed motions blasting the government 's judicial policy .
israeli and plo negotiators were to focus on the issue of an army redeployment at talks here wednesday and put aside the issue of self - rule elections , a palestinian delegate said .
the future of mozambique 's first multi-party parliament looked uncertain wednesday , as dispute over the contested election of its speaker raged on .
chechen separatist forces shot down a russian helicopter gunship as it flew low near here wednesday and two of the three crew aboard were killed , correspondents on the scene said .
the ruble fell sharply to #,### to the dollar here on wednesday from #,### on tuesday amid growing concern over the crisis in the breakaway republic of chechnya .
south korea 's leading business group , hyundai , launched wednesday an ambitious construction project to build its second industrial complex on the country 's southwestern coast .
the number of people unemployed in britain fell by ##,### in november while ##-month headline inflation rose to #.# percent of the workforce , and october average earnings rose by an annual #.# percent , official statistics showed on wednesday .
hong kong 's final land auction for #### failed wednesday to lift the dampened spirits of the property market , with one of the lots earmarked for residential use receiving a muted response from developers .
senior chinese officials ordered strict measures to fight inflation in #### , reports said on wednesday , but analysts here dismissed the plans as hackneyed and unimaginative .
japanese prime minister tomiichi murayama came out wednesday against a plan by the country 's main companies to resume payments to political parties .
a gaffe-prone new zealand minister who flouted the rules by getting off a plane without waiting for <unk> , vowed wednesday to sit tight with a drink next time .
china is to build next year a #.#-metre -lrb- #.#-foot tall -rrb- <unk> gold buddha , <unk> with silver and platinum , xinhua said wednesday .
share prices , boosted by firmer futures , rose in initial trading on wedneday but then eased slightly after stronger-than-expected inflation figures , before rising again , dealers said .
the russian military intervention in the breakaway republic of chechnya is doomed to defeat , former soviet president mikhail gorbachev said in a newspaper interview published here wednesday .
french lawmakers overnight voted in favor of sweeping changes in the funding of politicians , in particular banning corporate financing in a move intended to clean up sleaze in political life .
around #,### un troops swooped on two refugee camps in southwestern rwanda before dawn wednesday to arrest trouble-makers , spokesman sammy <unk> reported .
nec corp. , the biggest producer of personal computers in japan with more than ## percent of the local market , said wednesday it would start replacing the flawed pentium chip made by intel corp. in early january .
french national assembly speaker philippe seguin is to address the russian state duma , or lower house of parliament on friday during a two-day visit to moscow , officials said .
vietnam 's national assembly released a copyright ordinance wednesday that gives vietnamese artists and scientists control over their intellectual property rights for the first time .
a <unk> armed movement said wednesday it was mobilizing volunteers to fight alongside chechen secessionist forces battling russian troops in <unk> , the interfax news agency reported .
prime minister li peng presided over a ceremony wednesday to mark the groundbreaking of the mammoth three gorges dam on the yangtze river , declaring it a `` major event '' in china 's development .
<unk> <unk> , a former thai army chief who took power in a coup in #### and was forced from office in disgrace a year later , has waged a quiet but successful business campaign to return from the ashes of history .
former culture minister jack lang , tipped as the french left 's front runner for presidential elections next spring after jacques delors pulled out , said wednesday he `` probably '' will not stand as a candidate .
chadian president idriss deby has brought a supporter of former rebel chief moise <unk> into government after reaching a deal with the renegades , officials said .
thailand 's plans to host the #### asian games are under threat after the government failed tuesday to reach agreement on a sports complex , accommodation and a <unk> link meant to be built for the games .
chiefs of staff from nato countries involved in the un peacekeeping mission in bosnia will meet in the hague on monday to discuss strengthening the operation of the un protection force -lrb- unprofor -rrb- , a senior us official said wednesday .
un special representative to ex-yugoslavia yasushi akashi was due to hold talks wednesday with bosnian serb military leaders and bosnian government officials on the mounting obstacles un troops are facing in the wartorn republic .
the issue of three strategic islands in the gulf occupied by iran and claimed by the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- is `` basically non - negotiable , '' a senior iranian official said here wednesday .
the bank of spain intervened early wednesday to sell marks for pesetas after the spanish currency slumped to ##.## pesetas to the mark , its lowest level this year , dealers said .
england captain mike atherton must undergo a fitness test thursday before the world series match against zimbabwe at the sydney cricket ground .
west indian umpire steve bucknor will officiate in the second and third cricket tests between australia and england in melbourne and sydney , it was announced wednesday .
wimbledon champion conchita martinez on wednesday came to the aid of the weakened hopman cup tournament here forming a spanish team with alberto costa .
china 's celebrated coach ma junren is refusing to give up his quest to entice #,### meter world champion liu dong back to the track , despite her recent decision to quit , a report said wednesday .
talks between russia and chechen separatist authorities were `` suspended '' wednesday but had not collapsed , russian officials said .
the deputy police chief of the former tribal homeland of transkei , general m.w. <unk> , has been murdered and his wife seriously injured , south african police said wednesday .
scientists put an end wednesday to fears that flesh-eating <unk> fish had colonized the sea of galilee , a popular bathing spot in northern israel .
hanoi wednesday protested the decision by france 's ministry of culture to bestow an award on dissident vietnamese writer duong thu huong .
the un general assembly has adopted several resolutions condemning human rights violations in cuba , kosovo , iran , iraq and sudan , but praising the return of democratic rule in haiti .
england are protesting over a decision by the organisers of next year 's rugby union world cup in south africa to take all eight quarter-finalists to the johannesburg area for altitude training .
german labor minister norbert bluem jumped into a greek harbor in his underwear in order to win a bet after drinking several glasses of ouzo , the minister 's office said wednesday .
the main parliamentary opposition party , the nepali congress -lrb- nc -rrb- , has charged the ruling party and another leftist faction with killing nine of its activists , a party source said wednesday .
arsenal have been drawn against french side auxerre in the european cup winners ' cup quarter-finals next march .
us senators frank murkowski and paul simon met vietnamese communist party chief do muoi wednesday after talks with officials on trade and american soldiers still listed as missing in action -lrb- mia -rrb- .
japan 's toyota motor corp. said wednesday it would transfer production of its carina e wagon from japan to britain next year , boosting the product range at its <unk> plant .
unprofor officials rejected a request by un troops for support by allied warplanes after a missile attack in the northwestern bihac enclave which killed one peacekeeper and critically wounded another , a spokesman said wednesday .
prime minister khaleda zia on wednesday called on the united nations to take greater action to prevent <unk> of a bosnia serb attack on bangladeshi peacekeepers in which one soldier was killed .
german chancellor helmut kohl warned eastern european countries in a speech to the european parliament wednesday , against building up `` false hopes '' about joining the european union .
malaysia on wednesday announced it was sending ### more soldiers to beef up its #,###-member team serving under the un banner in bosnia , even as the united nations was planning to withdraw from the war-torn country .
malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad told fellow leaders at the islamic summit that the world 's moslems were weak and as a result were virtually irrelevant in bosnia .
china sought to reassure foreign and domestic enterprises wednesday that a new labor law to take effect january # would not have a detrimental effect on their businesses , xinhua reported .
police used tear gas and batons to break up a crowd that gathered wednesday outside the central courthouse in hanoi to wait for the result of an appeal by a policeman accused of murder .
the thai government has told the governors of seven border provinces to sever all links with khmer rouge guerrillas , the bangkok post reported wednesday .
one by one , the major accidents across asia form a litany of disasters that show the region 's headlong drive for growth sometimes pushes safety into the back seat .
india 's most-wanted outlaw has demanded ## million dollars and a presidential pardon before surrendering to police , who have been hunting for him for decades in two southern states , reports said wednesday .
the appointment wednesday of liberal economist vincent siew to head taiwan 's mainland affairs council -lrb- mac -rrb- , the top mainland policy planning body , could boost economic relations with china , a leading economist here said .
the london stock marked chalked up a substantial gain in the first half of the wednesday trading session , on firmer futures and gilts , traders said at the noon-hour .
british groups general electric company -lrb- gec -rrb- and gec <unk> telecommunications -lrb- gpt -rrb- and the franco-british giant gec alsthom have won orders worth ### million pounds -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- to work on a hong kong railway system , gec announced wednesday .
india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party began a crucial meeting here on wednesday to discuss the fate of the country 's economic reforms following its election rout in two key southern states .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin arrived wednesday for a four-day official visit to south korea , a first spawned by the middle east peace accord between israel and the palestinians .
foreign minister andrei kozyrev warned wednesday against `` any state interfering in the internal affairs of russia , '' after several states raised concern over the russian intervention in the secessionist caucasus republic .
retail prices rose #.# percent in november , the labor department said wednesday , another sign that inflation is under control .
hezbollah chief hassan nasrallah vowed wednesday that israel would pay dearly for any military offensive in south lebanon , warning that there were `` no boundaries '' to the guerrillas ' operations .
three jordanian hotels have agreed to serve kosher food to attract religious jews following the signing of a peace treaty with israel , a travel agency said wednesday .
seven ancient sarcophagi have been discovered only a few metres -lrb- yards -rrb- from a motorway slicing past the pyramids , the head of egypt 's department of antiquities announced wednesday .
us industrial production was up a healthy #.# percent in november , the federal reserve said wednesday .
kenyan authorities charged the former head of the finance ministry on wednesday with defrauding the government of #.# billion shillings -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- last year .
british tobacco and insurance giant bat industries said wednesday it will set up a joint venture with turkey 's tekel state-owned tobacco company to buy a cigarette factory at <unk> , western turkey .
the eu commission gave approval on wednesday for a ##-year-long convention between the british and french railway companies to operate services through the channel tunnel , a spokesman said .
chinese foreign trade and economic cooperation minister wu yi warned wednesday that any decision to shut china out of gatt would jeopardize the success of the future world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- , a report said .
british petroleum has set itself a target of making profits of three billion dollars per year , managing director david simon said on wednesday .
former smokers are eight times more likely to develop lung cancer than non-smokers , even years after quitting , according to a study published wednesday by the british thoracic society .
greek workers in the public and private sectors went on strike over pay demands on wednesday , affecting the sectors of industry , transportation , banks , telecommunications , and the postal and electricity services .
france on wednesday urged the two sides in the conflict in the russian separatist republic of chechnya to show restraint , and warned that the conflict could escalate if the two sides do not talk .
the frankfurt stock market made a technical gain on wednesday , in the wake of losses the previous two sessions , traders said at the end of the session .
jordan has agreed to let israel run daily bus services to link haifa and tel aviv with amman and eilat with aqaba , a transport ministry spokesman said wednesday .
legal and human rights experts from eastern and southern african countries have recommended the setting up of a regional human rights court within the framework of the southern african development community -lrb- sadc -rrb- .
japan 's international trade and industry minister ryutaro hashimoto plans to visit india and pakistan in early january , a news report said wednesday .
thousands of militant moslem fundamentalists started a long march to the capital dhaka on wednesday to push for islamic rule in bangladesh , witnesses said .
the us current account trade deficit worsened in the third quarter by ## percent to ##.# billion dollars , the commerce department said wednesday .
yemeni president ali abdallah saleh announced an amnesty wednesday for ## southern breakaway leaders who fled the country after their defeat in the may-july civil war .
seven indian ministers on wednesday offered to resign as the ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party began a crucial meeting here following its election rout in two key southern states .
tanzania , south africa and uganda have jointly launched an airline to be called alliance which will start operating in march , officials said wednesday .
pete sampras of the united states and spain 's arantxa sanchez vicario were named as the international tennis federation -lrb- itf -rrb- world champions for #### here on wednesday .
yemeni president ali abdallah saleh announced wednesday he would meet king fahd of saudi arabia soon to try to patch up relations with riyadh .
the nigerian military junta has decreed that court judges may accept gifts of money or property from individuals and groups , a judicial source said wednesday here .
silvio berlusconi 's coalition partner , the northern league , stepped up the pressure on his embattled government wednesday by backing a call to set up a commission to investigate the <unk> audiovisual industry .
the us current account trade deficit worsened in the third quarter by ## percent to ##.# billion dollars , its largest total in nearly seven years , the commerce department said wednesday .
the post office on wednesday reported six-month pre-tax profits at ### million pounds -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- , more than triple that of the same period a year earlier at ## million pounds .
swedish auto manufacturer saab 's subcontractor for car seats , lear seating , has recommended that saab auto recall ##,### saab ### cars for inspection of the welding of the <unk> of the front seats , saab said wednesday .
williams-renault won their battle against mclaren here on wednesday to have david coulthard as a driver for next season 's formula one world championship .
retail sales in western germany are expected to drop by #.# percent in real -lrb- <unk> -rrb- terms this year , and by #.# percent to ### billion marks in nominal terms , the german retail trade federation said on wednesday .
india 's civil supplies minister a.k. antony quit wednesday after an investigation held his department and others responsible for delays in sugar imports which led to a severe price hike in the commodity last summer .
the zimbabwe government , in the final year of implementing its five - year world <unk> economic reforms , wednesday announced major measures aimed at further stimulating foreign investment .
a us aircraft carrier chased a chinese nuclear submarine in the yellow sea in a tense three-day confrontation that prompted china to scramble jet fighters , the los angeles times reported wednesday .
the spanish <unk> money supply rose by ##.# percent at an annual rate in november , making its increase this year so far #.# percent compared with ##.# percent at the end of october , the central bank announced on wednesday .
the speaker of burundi 's parliament , jean minani , on wednesday said he had sued the main opposition party , which has accused him of inciting massacres of the country 's tutsi minority last year .
a man armed with a rifle took about ## students hostage in a basement lecture hall at the state university of new york campus here , police said .
the paris bourse gained ground on wednesday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , up #.## percent by comparison with the tuesday close .
bosnian moslem and croat lawmakers met wednesday to thrash out a common strategy for combatting bosnian serb military operations in the war-torn republic .
orval faubus , a former arkansas governor who came to national attention by defying federal orders to desegregate a high school , died wednesday at his home .
britain 's standard chartered bank , which has a strong presence in asia , said on wednesday that it is to cut #,### of its ##,### staff worldwide next year .
million-dollar projects to boost living conditions for palestinian refugees and find them jobs were discussed here wednesday by delegates from ## countries and organizations .
great britain athlete diane modahl was found guilty of taking banned drugs by a british athletic federation -lrb- baf -rrb- disciplinary hearing here on wednesday .
germany and the european union have financed a highway to be built from the port of walvis bay in largely desert namibia to <unk> <unk> , a town on the zambian border , the german ambassador said wednesday .
police captured a gunman who took about ## students hostage wednesday in a basement lecture center at the state university of new york campus here , police said .
the london stock market notched up a substantial gain on wednesday , supported by takeover speculation and the firmness of the futures and bond markets , traders said .
three parties were set wednesday to form a new power-sharing government in ireland to replace the administration that collapsed a month ago when prime minister albert reynolds resigned under a cloak of controversy .
franjo komarica , bishop of the northwest bosnian city of banja luka , denounced on wednesday the deportation of ### croatian catholics who he said the bosnian serbs intended to use as `` human shields '' against bosnian croat attacks .
civilians have come under artillery fire from bosnian serb forces in the southwest <unk> area , bosnian croat military sources said wednesday , amid fears of an escalation in fighting on that front after a week 's calm .
leading european stock markets notched up substantial gains on wednesday , led by london 's #.# percent advance , while the paris bourse and frankfurt both gained #.## percent .
two freight trains collided in a rural area wednesday , killing one person and injuring an unknown number of others , officials said .
an old bailey murder trial was halted wednesday after jurors complained to the judge that one of their number had lit up a marijuana cigarette in the jury room , court sources said .
authorities shut down two turbines at the chernobyl nuclear plant following a hydrogen leak in the cooling system of one of its reactors , state safety officials said wednesday .
an earthquake , the biggest in the region for ## years , hit the french alps on wednesday , sparking anxious calls to emergency officials but causing no major damage , officials said .
investigators began wednesday rummaging through the wreckage of an american eagle commuter plane that crashed near a busy north carolina airport , killing ## of the ## people on board .
several hundred retired army officers protested wednesday in support of a pay claim and a rise in military pensions .
a high court judge wednesday lifted an injunction banning newspapers from naming the winner of ##.# million pounds -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in the british lottery .
german finance minister theo waigel expressed optimism on wednesday on cutting the federal budget , saying he hoped the deficit would be ## billion marks less this year than the budgeted shortfall of ## billion .
british heavyweight frank bruno will make a fourth world heavyweight title challenge after joining promotor frank warren and ending his ##-year association with micky duff .
the government on wednesday announced that it would be inviting private businesses next year to tender for eight of the ## rail franchises that currently make up the british rail network .
mark mcghee had a sudden change of heart and decided to take up the offer as manager of premiership strugglers leicester here on wednesday only hours after turning down the post .
india 's civil supplies minister a.k. antony quit wednesday after a probe held his department and others responsible for delays in sugar imports which led to a severe price hike in the commodity .
india 's civil supplies minister a.k. antony quit wednesday after a probe held his department and others responsible for delays in sugar imports which led to a severe price hike in the commodity .
coffee futures plunged by ### to ### dollars per tonne on wednesday , depending on the contracts , under the effect of speculative dumping in the wake of brazilian production figures , traders said .
the milan stock market came a cropper on wednesday as the market worried about the future of the berlusconi government in the wake of the premier 's interrogation about corruption , traders said at the close .
the london-based war risks rating committee of insurers has added chechnya to its list of countries constituting a war risk , with effect from #### gmt wednesday , the committee said in a statement .
at least ## moslem militants were killed and several injured here wednesday after indian army soldiers fired mortar shells during a fierce gunbattle with kashmiri guerrillas in a city suburb .
the daughter of former presidential candidate george mcgovern was found dead in snow after disappearing from an alcohol treatment center .
the metals closed higher on the london metal exchange -lrb- lme -rrb- with nickel leading the complex , ending up ### dollars at #,### dollars per tonne , dealers said .
turkey on wednesday hit back at outgoing european commission chief jacques delors for opposing turkish membership of the eu over ankara 's jailing of turkish kurd deputies accused of separatism .
president hafez al-assad on wednesday told a visiting us delegation here that syria wants the middle east peace talks to succeed , an official statement said .
paul gascoigne is making satisfactory progress after breaking his leg last april , his italian club lazio said on wednesday , dismissing reports that the england midfielder was in trouble .
the european parliament gave overwhelming approval on wednesday to the gatt trade agreements negotiated during the uruguay round of world trade talks .
a total of # billion rand -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- has been earmarked for social development projects in #### , the south african government announced wednesday .
a university student was shot and wounded when a man armed with a rifle took a class of ## and their professor hostage at the state university of new york campus here , police said .
the dollar edged lower wednesday against the other major currencies except the yen and french franc following the release of a series of economic figures for november .
russian and chechen forces clashed on the western outskirts of grozny wednesday , witnesses said .
swedish prime minister ingvar carlsson ruled out swedish membership of nato wednesday , saying that joining the atlantic alliance would weaken rather than strengthen sweden 's national security .
the head of the egyptian bar association on wednesday accused the moslem brotherhood of defrauding members of ###,### dollars by organising a trip to mecca which never took place .
swedish engineering manufacturer <unk> industri will sell off ## companies in the first half of #### in order to concentrate on production of mineral treatment equipment , <unk> said wednesday .
european currencies remained under pressure from the german mark on wednesday on the london foreign exchange market , where fears of higher interest rates in the new year joined political uncertainties in france and italy , traders said in late afternoon .
the united nations said wednesday that russia 's military crackdown in the rebel republic chechnya was an `` internal matter '' but asked for the fighting to end .
racist graffiti and nazi swastikas have been daubed on the walls of sporting gijon 's stadium here , after news that the spanish club are negotiating to sign nigeria 's world cup striker rashidi yekini .
embattled italian prime minister silvio berlusconi said wednesday he would call for a parliamentary vote of confidence in his government once the budget for next year is passed .
germany 's suspended sprinter katrin krabbe has announced she is five months pregnant and plans to give up athletics altogether .
four of eight reactors at the pickering nuclear plant in ontario have been shut down as a result of an accidental spill of radioactive water , officials said wednesday .
britain on wednesday warned gibraltar it must bring its banking and customs regulations into conformity with those of the european union , following reports the government had threatened it with direct rule by the end of january .
showing scant regard for diplomatic niceties , authorities in macedonia sent in a team of bulldozers wednesday to tear down a an albanian - language university , just days before it was due to open .
embattled italian prime minister silvio berlusconi said wednesday he would call for a parliamentary vote of confidence in his government once the budget for next year is passed .
russian and chechen forces clashed on the western outskirts of grozny wednesday , witnesses said .
two freight trains collided in a rural area wednesday , killing one person and injuring two others , officials said .
the us aircraft carrier kitty hawk was following standard procedure when it tracked a chinese nuclear submarine it encountered in the yellow sea in october , the state department said wednesday .
cuba has welcomed the leader of a failed #### coup in venezuela with open arms and a front page photo in a leading newspaper on wednesday showing him embracing president fidel castro .
the remains of three us airmen shot down during the korean war have been identified and returned to their families , relatives of the servicemen said wednesday .
us military intelligence is investigating whether afghan mujahideen are supplying stinger <unk> to separatist forces in the breakaway russian republic of chechnya , an official said wednesday .
fishing in the mediterranean needs to be cut by a drastic ## percent , a conference on managing the sea 's resources concluded as it wound up a three-day meeting wednesday in sissi , on the island of crete .
the venezuelan government took over wednesday private grupo financiero <unk> , saying the bank was in shaky condition and unable to guarantee deposits .
a plane thought to be a military aircraft crashed into a house or building wednesday , fire officials said .
gregg jefferies , who led st. louis cardinals batters last season with a .### average , signed a four-year , ## million-dollar contract with the philadelphia phillies here wednesday .
bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen , facing a death threat by fundamentalist groups , said wednesday in vienna that she did not fear prison , but extremists who could kill her if she was jailed .
china has called off a scheduled visit to beijing by transportation secretary frederico pena after he paid a recent visit to taiwan , the state department said wednesday .
the leader of the catholic church in east timor has appealed for unity among the timorese in his christmas message , the portuguese newsagency lusa said wednesday .
a un commission is set to approve next year some two million compensation claims from victims of iraq 's invasion of kuwait in #### , un officials said here wednesday .
hundreds of shiite moslems have clashed with police in protests in bahrain , a diplomat said here wednesday , as an opposition group charged that martial law had been declared in the gulf state .
two days of talks between russia and ukraine on the future of the disputed black sea fleet ended inconclusively in kiev wednesday , the itar-tass agency reported .
a yemeni official spokesman on wednesday denied that president ali abdallah saleh had announced an amnesty in a newspaper interview for ## southern breakaway leaders who fled abroad after the may-july civil war .
two students were injured when a man armed with a rifle held a greek literature class of ## and their professor hostage for two hours at the state university of new york campus here , police said .
a military jet crashed into an apartment building near fresno , causing three deaths and injuring an estimated ## others , officials and witnesses said .
wales were trounced #-# by a vibrant bulgaria side here on wednesday and are now <unk> out of contention for a place in the european championship finals .
us professional baseball contract talks broke down here on wednesday , leaving major league owners and players poised for a legal battle that threatens the #### season .
the dollar edged lower wednesday against the other major currencies except the yen in quiet trading as investors looked ahead to the new year .
salt lake city and quebec are the frontrunners in the race to organise the #### winter olympics , according to reliable sources here on wednesday .
the vice president of honduras has been implicated in an army plan to cover up death squad activities in the ####s when some ### people disappeared , documents showed wednesday .
juventus hung on grimly at as roma to qualify for the semi-finals of the italian cup on wednesday .
former heavyweight champion evander holyfield makes his return to boxing march ## in china against another ex-champion , former world boxing association title-holder mike weaver .
stocks rallied wednesday on a wave of computer-driven buying after a series of reports showed continued strength in the us economy .
ted turner might get the chance to televise the #### olympics from his hometown , even though us <unk> nbc has rejected his offers .
the security council agreed wednesday to allow belgrade authorities to export ##,### vials of diphtheria serum to fight an outbreak of the disease in eastern europe and central asia .
canadian prime minister jean chretien will head a delegation to three south american nations next month , his office said wednesday .
a jet taking part in a military exercise crashed into an apartment building near fresno , killing at least two people and injuring some ## others , officials and witnesses said .
us professional baseball contract talks broke down here on wednesday , leaving major league owners and players poised for a legal battle that threatens the #### season .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said wednesday he had agreed to free un peacekeepers and some bosnian prisoners and had asked former us president jimmy carter to mediate a solution to the bosnian war .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said wednesday he had agreed to free un peacekeepers and some bosnian prisoners and had asked former us president jimmy carter to mediate a solution to the bosnian war .
admiral jacques lanxade , french armed forces chief of staff , is to visit french un forces in the bosnian capital sarajevo , after spending thursday at united nations peacekeeping headquarters in zagreb , army sources said here wednesday .
cot deaths in britain have fallen by ## percent in the past five years and ## percent in the past ## months , according to official figures to be published thursday .
the dollar opened at ###.## yen in tokyo on thursday , down #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen .
former los angeles kings owner bruce mcnall pleaded guilty here wednesday to defrauding six banks of more than ### million dollars .
scientists have great hopes of developing a genetic test to predict the severity of the dementia in sufferers of alzheimer 's disease who have down 's syndrome , the <unk> journal reported wednesday .
the security council confirmed wednesday that the un mission to mozambique which formally ended last week when president joaquim chissano took office will withdraw completely by january ## .
the french national assembly late wednesday ratified the gatt world trade agreement by a show of hands .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday , with the nikkei stock average rising ###.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
the proposed world tour of golf backed by australian greg norman is still viewed with caution by many top players , who want more information before they commit to the venture .
russia asked the security council to postpone meeting on tajikistan until further notice , according to a letter russia 's un ambassador filed with the council wednesday .
the white house reacted coolly wednesday to bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic 's offer to free un peacekeepers and have former president jimmy carter mediate in the peace process .
moslem leaders ended a summit meeting early thursday with a tough and united stand for international action on bosnia , delegates said .
a united airlines boeing ### with ### passengers and crew members bound for los angeles from hong kong made an emergency landing at narita airport early thursday , airport officials said .
a federal judge ruled wednesday that moves in california to deprive illegal immigrants of access to public services may conflict with federal law and ordered that most of them not be enforced .
a german lear jet carrying seven people crashed shortly after taking off from moscow 's main international airport late wednesday , fatally injuring the pilot , the itar-tass news agency reported .
seventeen people died in a discotheque fire saturday in qiqihar , heilongjiang province , northeast china , local officials said thursday .
former us president jimmy carter took center stage in another international crisis wednesday , when he was called on to use his diplomatic skills to negotiate an end to the bosnian conflict .
us vice president al gore appealed to the russian parliament wednesday to ratify quickly the start-# nuclear disarmament treaty , the itar - tass news agency reported .
couples who divorce ought to be forced to share custody of their children and fathers ' rights in custody battles should be strengthened , according to a proposal by the swedish government 's `` daddy group .
india has cleared ## foreign investment proposals worth ## million dollars , including joint ventures with finland 's nokia telecommunication and singapore 's datacraft asia .
asia 's demand for information technology is set to soar , but the region 's needs will vary from country to country and pose specific challenges to suppliers , a local computer-maker said thursday .
the japanese computer group fujitsu plans to create about ### jobs in northern ireland , where its british subsidiary , fujitsu fulcrum telecommunications ltd. , intends to expand operations .
share prices continued to advance on the tokyo stock exchange thursday with investors inspired by firmness on wall street .
scottish distillers macdonald and muir and indian partners mohan <unk> ltd. have launched the highland queen scotch brand here following the entry of smirnoff vodka , kelly 's irish cream and <unk> , it was reported thursday .
indonesia to promote gas and geothermal energy use to safeguard its oil resources and environment , president suharto said thursday .
the annual inflation rate in finland fell in november to #.# per cent , the central statistical office announced here thursday .
the rand was slightly higher against the dollar here thursday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback from its previous close of #.#### \/ #.#### .
burmese troops have broken a two-year truce with the karen insurgents , attacking the guerrillas at a time of dissent within the rebels ' ranks , an aid worker in the region said .
an indonesian court in aceh province thursday opened the trial of an outlawed moslem sect leader charged with subversion for financing a local separatist movement , a court official said .
israel and south korea held discussions thursday on possible links in defense technology , especially missiles , defense sources said .
the dollar lost ground moderately on the tokyo foreign exchange market thursday on prospects that the united states might not raise interest rates further in the immediate future .
south africa 's gold production rose by #.# percent in november over october , the chamber of mines , representing major mining houses , said thursday .
leaders of india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party were meeting for a second day here thursday to review policy following an election rout in two key southern states .
scoreboard in the world series cup one-day cricket match between england and zimbabwe here thursday .
japan 's nec corp. announced thursday an agreement with britain 's <unk> group plc to develop three-dimensional technology for video games and desktop multimedia by the end of next year .
the mark continued to rise in initial trading here on thursday , breaking through the #.## french franc barrier to hit #.#### francs , up from wednesday 's close of #.#### .
hong kong stock prices rose by #.## percent on thursday on strong buying from overseas institutions which took advantage of cheap prices after recent heavy falls , brokers said .
industrial output in finland rose by ##.# per cent in october from the figure for the same month of last year , the central statistical office reported on thursday .
russian officials trying to negotiate a settlement in in the southern breakaway republic of chechnya said thursday that talks with the chechen separatists had collapsed and that they were returning to moscow .
the renault car manufacturer is to shed #,### jobs next year as part of a plan to improve productivity by #.#-# .# percent per year , the company told its works committee which met on wednesday and thursday .
the ruble fell to #,### to the dollar here on thursday from #,### on wednesday , and the russian central bank had intervened by selling ## million dollars , dealers said .
nigerian students have threatened to disrupt two major international sporting events here early next year unless the government takes steps to arrest the decline in the country 's education system .
islamic leaders at their summit here sided with the plo in its feud with jordan over jerusalem , delegates said thursday .
bosnian serbs turned down clearance for fuel convoys needed by the un protection force in sarajevo , maintaining the pressure on un peacekeepers , spokesman <unk> patrick <unk> said thursday .
grant flower and david houghton gave <unk> zimbabwe to their highest score of the world series one-day cup here thursday with a century stand against england .
police hunting a gang of international car smugglers have arrested german midfield star maurizio gaudino .
former australian captain allan border has passed up probably his last chance to play against england as he finds life on the domestic circuit a growing burden .
norwegian experts will in january help palestinian authorities create environmental management programs in the self-rule areas , in cooperation with the united nations , <unk> group said thursday .
islamic militants shot dead three policemen , two of them officers , in the troubled town of mallawi in southern egypt thursday , police reported .
british retail sales volume was unchanged in november from the figure for october , which was also unchanged , but rose by #.# percent from november #### , the central statistical office -lrb- cso -rrb- said on thursday .
nato defense ministers ended a two-day meeting here thursday , which was dominated by planning for a withdrawal of un peacekeepers from bosnia with a final communique stressing alliance support for keeping them there .
share prices rose sharply in early trading on thursday , supported by overnight gains on wall street and in hong kong although disappointing retail sales caused a slight dip , dealers said .
fire destroyed a <unk> building housing a major russian bank in central saint petersburg overnight , police said .
gunmen killed three people in an attack near the headquarters of a karachi social group within hours of the pakistan parliament condemning the city 's explosion of violence , officials said thursday .
chinese premier li peng is to pay an official visit to burma this month , a foreign ministry spokesman said in beijing thursday , describing the trip as an `` important event .
the nigerian military regime has refused an amnesty international team access to detainees , the leader of the delegation said , as the government denounced a critical report by the human rights organization .
ireland 's stormy struggle to form a new government before christmas fell apart thursday , minutes before the start of a parliamentary session that was to have sworn in a coalition cabinet , party sources said .
israel has proposed keeping troops during palestinian elections only in occupied west bank towns which have jewish settlements near them , a senior official said here thursday .
voters in the central african republic will be called to the polls on december ## to give their verdict on a new draft constitution drawn up since august , official radio announced thursday .
the japanese government 's budget for fiscal #### is expected to fall by about #.# percent from the figure for the current year to a little more than ## trillion yen -lrb- ### billion dollars -rrb- , a news report said on thursday .
the egyptian authorities have decided to divert a controversial motorway away from the pyramids , reconstruction minister muhammad ibrahim soliman said thursday .
britain 's national blood authority confirmed thursday it planned to sell abroad , notably in germany , surplus plasma products from blood obtained freely through donors , defending a plan it said would ultimately `` help save lives .
zimbabwe beat england by ## runs in a world series cup cricket one-day match here thursday .
western australia on thursday ended the career of controversial former test wicketkeeper tim <unk> because of his continual threats to retire .
the porsche car manufacturer suffered a net loss of ###.# million marks -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- in ####-## which was ##.# percent less than in the previous year , the company said on thursday .
china confirmed thursday that a planned visit in january by us transport secretary frederico pena has been canceled in retaliation for his recent visit to taiwan .
us congressman bill richardson will visit north korea saturday -- six days after two us senators made an historic visit to pyongyang , south korea 's foreign ministry said thursday .
the republic of guinea has become the ###th member of the general agreement on tariffs and trade -lrb- gatt -rrb- , the organization 's secretariat announced thursday .
the french franc was stable in early trading on thursday , having dipped below #.## francs to the mark in asian trading for the first time this year , dealers said .
twenty-five us firms plan to invest ## billion pesos -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- here in the next three years as a sign of confidence on the philippines ' economic growth , the american chamber of commerce and industry -lrb- amcham -rrb- said thursday .
the un general assembly overwhelmingly voted to uphold the palestinian people 's right to self-determination and called on israel to withdraw from the palestinian territory it has occupied since #### .
japanese computer giant fujitsu ltd. plans to invest ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- on a global high-speed information network over the coming year , a spokeswoman said on thursday .
mitsubishi bank ltd. saw its consolidated pre-tax earnings fall by ## percent ##.# billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in the six months to september from the figure for the same period of last year , the bank said on thursday .
ireland 's stormy struggle to form a new government before christmas fell apart thursday after the three would-be coalition partners failed to agree on a power-sharing formula .
the british conglomerate trafalgar house , which is considering buying northern electric , returned to profits this year , but cut its dividend in a statement on thursday .
police carried out a big search for suspects in bahrain on thursday after hundreds of shiite moslems clashed with security forces in the capital manama , diplomats said here .
some ### air france employees blocked runways and aircraft parking areas at orly airport south of paris on thursday , disrupting air traffic for more than two hours .
uganda 's general elections earlier sheduled for january have been postponed until december #### because a new constitution is not ready , the official new vision newspaper reported thursday .
the chinese government on thursday hit back at us threats to take sanctions if sino-us talks on intellectual copyright protection collapse .
parliament on thursday elected john bruton , ##-year-old head of the fine gael party , as prime minister of a minority government to replace the coalition that fell a month ago when albert reynolds quit under a cloud of scandal .
the british government thursday sat at a peace table with convicted bombers and murders of northern ireland 's loyalist paramilitaries , six days after it held similar talks with the sinn fein political wing of the irish republican army .
nineteen local government officials have been punished for dereliction of duty over a fire last week that killed ### people in the northwestern chinese town of karamay , a report said thursday .
a red cross aircraft crashed near the southern angolan town of lobito on thursday , killing the american and swiss pilots , the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- announced here .
tokyo and osaka are the world 's most expensive cities , where the cost of living is twice that of new york , the latest six-month survey from the economist intelligence unit showed thursday .
london stocks maintained their morning gains at the noon-hour on thursday , as weaker-than-expected retail sales figures made a further rise in interest rates seem less likely , traders said .
gunbattles that killed eight people erupted in karachi on thursday taking the death toll in the city 's bloodiest month of ethnic violence to ## , hospitals and official sources reported .
the karachi stock exchange -lrb- kse -rrb- ### index plunged after eight people were gunned down in a fresh wave of violence in the industrial hub , dealers said thursday .
a suicidal student escaped almost unscathed , but with one less toe , after a failed bid to kill himself by lying on a railway line , officials said thursday .
china 's most senior official on hong kong affairs , lu ping , said thursday he hoped `` no great turbulence '' would rock the territory 's financial sector ahead of #### , xinhua news agency reported .
delegates attending middle east arms control talks here agreed to set up a conflict prevention center in amman , arab officials said thursday .
threatened bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen was awarded a literary prize by the european parliament here on thursday amid protests from french intellectuals claiming her plight has been exaggerated .
first-time weekly claims for unemployment dropped by #,### to ###,### for the week ending december ## , the labor department said thursday .
scoreboard in the world series cup one-day cricket match between england and zimbabwe here thursday .
zimbabwe 's team of farmers , big-game hunters and just four cricket professionals , made a mouthful of error-prone england in a new world series upset on thursday .
england captain mike atherton said here thursday his team 's injury toll was the worst he had experienced on a cricket tour .
the chinese authorities on thursday revealed details of a new fire disaster in a discotheque , while ## officials have already been punished for the karamay cinema fire last week in which ### people died .
us defense secretary william perry appears unlikely to protest russia 's military intervention in the breakaway republic of chechnya when he visits moscow on friday .
russian espionage in sweden is on the rise again , but this time the goal is swedish industrial know-how , according to anders eriksson , the head of sweden 's secret police , saepo .
taiwan 's new top mainland policy-maker on thursday called for a `` positive response '' from china to taipei 's moves to improve ties with the mainland .
the french arms firm matra will build france 's new cruise missile , costing about two billion francs -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , the defense ministry said thursday .
iraq thursday condemned the organisation of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- for failing to back its plea for a lifting of the crippling international embargo imposed on it after the august #### invasion of kuwait .
the hardline hamas group has #,### supporters in east jerusalem leaving israel sitting on a powder keg , israel 's internal security service shin beth warned in a report thursday .
hundreds of people turned out in pyongyang to see china 's representatives on the korean military armistice commission leave the north korean capital , xinhua news agency reported .
amnesty international said thursday it was concerned for the safety of cambodian journalists despite the recent arrest of an army officer on charges of murdering a reporter .
discussions of a perspective merger of sg warburg and us counterpart morgan stanley have been terminated , warburg announced on thursday in london .
opposition parties blocked parliamentary proceedings for the second straight day thursday to demand explanations for a delay in sugar imports that led to a steep price hike earlier this year .
parliamentary president -lrb- speaker -rrb- rita suessmuth strongly condemned thursday the convictions and jail sentences passed in turkey on kurdish deputies accused of supporting the kurdish independence struggle .
the number of japanese teenagers killing themselves because of bullying in schools has doubled this year to six compared with the previous year , three deaths coming in less than a month , the national police agency -lrb- npa -rrb- said thursday .
the red cross said thursday it is sending extra emergency medical supplies to chechnya as hopes for an early peace settlement in the breakaway republic faded .
imperial chemical industries -lrb- ici -rrb- said thursday it has agreed to sell european-based ethylene glycol , <unk> , glycol <unk> and brake fluid businesses to the us company union carbide .
asda group , britain 's fourth-largest supermarket chain , on thursday reported a ##-percent jump in six-month pre-tax profit to ###.# millions pounds -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- from ## million pounds in the same period a year earlier .
the european parliament approved the european union budget for #### on second reading on thursday , allowing for the january # membership of three new members and for adaptation to the union 's financial prospects .
norwegian authorities will invest ##.# billion kroner -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in the norwegian oil sector in #### or ##.# billion kroner -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- less than in #### , the central statistics bureau said on thursday .
mitsubishi bank ltd. on thursday slashed ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- from its consolidated pre-tax earnings forecast for the year to march to reflect its rescue of a troubled affiliate .
canada 's composite index advanced #.# percent in november , compared to the upwardly revised figure of #.# percent for october , the government reported thursday .
a german extradition request for a kurdish separatist leader will be examined by a british court some time next year , the kurdistan information centre said here thursday .
the british armed forces in berlin finally <unk> the flag thursday and handed over their last remaining quarters , at spandau 's alexander barracks , to the local authorities .
fifteen russian soldiers have been killed in chechnya since russian forces intervened to crush the republic 's drive for independence , viktor <unk> , chairman of the parliamentary security committee , said thursday .
israel is to return to egypt ### rare artefacts discovered and taken by the jewish state during its ##-year occupation of the sinai peninsula , the daily al-akhbar said here thursday .
wall street prices were slightly up in early trading thursday following up on the strong gains made in the previous session .
the united states and kuwait have started an huge eight-day amphibious exercise including around #,### us personnel , a us army official said thursday .
a police chief was gunned down thursday as he left his home near san sebastian in northwest spain in an attack linked to the basque separatist group eta , police said .
a summit of islamic countries on thursday urged member states to increase financial and humanitarian aid for bosnia and asked them to send more troops to the war-torn moslem-led country .
sir john weston will be britain 's next ambassador to the united nations , the foreign office said thursday .
angola 's unita rebels warned thursday that the country could plunge back into all-out civil war and accused the government of drawing up a `` war program '' with the un mission here .
the frankfurt stock market rolled up a substantial gain on thursday as the dax index finished at #,###.## points , up #.## percent by comparison with the wednesday close .
business inventories rose #.# percent in the united states in october , the seventh in as many months and up from a #.# percent increase the previous month , the commerce department said thursday .
the irish parliament 's choice thursday of john bruton as the republic 's ##th prime minister was an unlikely one .
the palestinian self-rule authority 's health `` ministry '' is buying blankets for its hospitals from a jewish settlement on the occupied west bank , the blanket manufacturer said thursday .
at least ## people have been killed in a clash between soldiers and leftist rebels operating in the jungle lowlands east of the andes mountains , police said thursday .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi , in the throes of a political crisis threatening to topple his government , was thursday to meet president oscar luigi scalfaro to discuss his position as premier , official sources said here .
israel is opposed to creating a palestinian police force in the west bank before any agreement on extending self-rule across the area , a senior israeli army officer said thursday .
russian president boris yeltsin plans to extend by ## hours a deadline for separatists in chechnya to surrender to russian troops , the interfax agency said on thursday .
the european convention on mutual administrative assistance in tax matters will go into effect next april # in finland , denmark , norway , sweden and the united states after filing of ratification of the accord on thursday by finland , the council of europe announced in strasbourg .
russian president boris yeltsin on thursday extended by ## hours a deadline for separatists in chechnya to surrender their arms to russian troops , an official statement said .
the cause of a rare disease that inflicted elephants here paralysing their trunks a few years ago , has still not been established , local scientists have said .
prime minister yitzhak rabin proposed thursday `` a new share-out '' of territory between israel and the palestinians .
the marriage of prince carl alexander von <unk> , ## , to a commoner ## years older than himself against the wishes of his family is valid , a court ruled thursday .
bosnian prime minister haris silajdzic thursday implicitly rejected proposals made by bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic who has called for mediation by former us president jimmy carter .
herewith are the main points of the resolution on bosnia adopted at the ##-member organisation of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- summit that ended here on thursday .
president boris yeltsin on thursday extended by ## hours a deadline for separatists in chechnya to surrender their arms to russian troops , an official statement said .
the election thursday of ##-year-old john bruton , the fine gael leader , as irish prime minister brought a month of political crisis and uncertainty to an end .
the bank of france said thursday that its #### monetary policy goal was still stability of prices and of the french franc , but it also urged french leaders to cut the government deficit .
south africa 's bowlers restricted sri lanka to ###-# off their alloted ## overs in their one-day international for the mandela trophy here thursday .
pakistan prime minister benazir bhutto on thursday accused india of stirring the violence in karachi that claimed another eight lives in gunbattles .
discussions on a prospective merger between britain 's leading merchant bank , sg warburg , and us counterpart morgan stanley were terminated on thursday , ending the idea of creation of a leading transatlantic investment bank .
the malaysian prime minister <unk> mohamad arrived in zagreb thursday for a three-day official visit , the croatian newsagency hina said .
prince bernhard of the netherlands , who was admitted to hospital three weeks ago for an operation on a colon tumor , is suffering from severe respiratory problems , a royal household statement said thursday .
the paris bourse made a slight gain on thursday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , up #.## percent from the wednesday close .
london stocks suffered a mild loss on thursday as the footsie index shed #.# points or #.# percent to finish at #,###.# points .
italy 's players will delay sunday 's league matches by ## minutes after a disagreement between the professional footballers association and the italian federation .
the #,### members of old people 's social clubs in this eastern french region are to receive a condom each in the hope they will pass them on to their grandchildren to fight the spread of aids .
a fellow prisoner was charged thursday with using a steel bar to bludgeon to death jeffrey dahmer , the serial killer who dismembered his victims and ate parts of them in a horrifying spree .
a british sea harrier jump jet used in operations over bosnia crashed in the adriatic sea thursday as it was returning to the hms invincible , the ministry of defense said .
prices closed higher on thursday on the london metal exchange -lrb- lme -rrb- , rising in anticipation of further evidence of stock downdraws on friday , dealers said .
fifty-nine countries out of ### had ratified as of thursday the uruguay round trade agreements instituting the world trade organization , the secretariat of the general agreement on tariffs and trade -lrb- gatt -rrb- announced in geneva .
swiss airline swissair confirmed on thursday that it would negotiate with belgian counterpart sabena on taking a stake in the belgian firm .
manchester united , who have won all nine league games at old trafford this season and have not conceded a goal at home for ## , will look to extend both records on saturday against a nottingham forest side revitalised by an emphatic victory last saturday .
the shuttle service for private cars in the channel tunnel will come into operation on december ## , eurotunnel announced thursday after receiving the green light from the anglo-french intergovernmental commission .
british press magnate lord <unk> has spent ##.# million dollars -lrb- just over seven million us -rrb- buying shares in one of canada 's leading newspaper publishers .
pope john paul ii thursday called on the children of the world to pray for peace , in a letter highlighting the evils done to children by adults .
olympique marseille were forced to release gerard gili on thursday ## days after hiring him as their new coach .
a swiss policeman and an algerian national are under arrest suspected of providing algeria with confidential legal documents on the activities of the militant islamic salvation front -lrb- fis -rrb- , the federal prosecutor 's office said here thursday .
the british government sat at a peace table with convicted terrorists representing ulster 's loyalist militias thursday in exploratory talks aimed at a permanent end to a quarter-century of bloodshed .
world no # peter karlsson will head a strong swedish challenge for the english open men 's singles title to be held here between january # and # .
economics minister edmond alphandery decided thursday that the government would convey the cic bank shares held by the state , #.## percent of the bank 's capital , to government-owned insurance group gan , his ministry announced .
it is understood police want to interview soccer star paul gascoigne and another man after an alleged robbery in a public house here on wednesday night .
ingush president ruslan aushev said thursday a wholescale war has begun in the russian caucasus and that moscow 's intervention in the rebel chechen republic would encourage caucasus separatism .
international monetary fund chief michel camdessus is expected in warsaw on saturday to check on progress of reforms in poland , imf warsaw representative markus <unk> announced on thursday .
western governments expressed skepticism thursday toward bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic 's peace overtures and news that former us president jimmy carter would jump into the diplomatic fray .
separatist authorities in chechnya welcomed russian president boris yeltsin 's offer thursday of new peace talks to avert all-out war in the caucasus republic .
orthodox jews here are able to flick through a new telephone directory listing businesses and restaurants which scrupulously respect jewish religious practices .
french presidential hopeful jacques chirac met thursday with chancellor helmut kohl , assuring him he wants to put a franco-german entente to work in developing european unity if he is elected .
ireland 's new prime minister , john bruton , named eight ministers from his own party fine gael , six from labor , and one from the far-left democratic left , in announcing his new cabinet thursday .
qatar airways on thursday became the ##th foreign company to resume flights to beirut since the end of ####-#### lebanese civil war .
former us president jimmy carter will go to bosnia-hercegovina to seek a peace solution to the conflict there , the bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said thursday .
india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party on thursday closed ranks behind prime minister p.v. narasimha rao after he warned that it was facing a serious crisis following its rout in crucial state elections .
some ##,### vehicles in the self-rule gaza strip and jericho are to get new license plates bearing the official seal and the letter p for palestine , officials said thursday .
a visit to bosnia by former us president jimmy carter would be `` counterproductive '' if he were to come with a new peace plan slanted to favor the bosnian serbs , bosnian president alija izetbegovic said thursday .
former us president jimmy carter will go to bosnia-hercegovina to seek a peace solution to the conflict there , the bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said thursday .
george graham , under the spotlight for `` missing money '' in major transfer deals , on thursday agreed to fully co-operate with the premier league in their investigations .
with the media already predicting the downfall of prime minister silvio berlusconi , his cabinet met thursday to try to head off the government 's disintegration by keeping the rebellious northern league on board .
israel has invited arab countries to visit its military installations and weapons factories , defense ministry spokesman dan <unk> said thursday .
the jewish agency has stepped in to help ## jewish refugees fleeing the fighting in chechnya , a spokesman for agency said thursday .
japanese prime minister tomiichi murayama will meet with president bill clinton when he makes his first official visit to washington on january ## , the white house said thursday .
greek secondary school students threw petrol bombs and clashed with police during protests in athens thursday calling for an increase in government spending on education .
egyptian president hosni mubarak will visit israel when he judges the trip will advance the middle east peace process , his political advisor said thursday .
arch-rivals pittsburgh and cleveland , both assured of a place in the national football league playoffs , meet here sunday to decide which gets the easier path to the super bowl .
former us president jimmy carter was paving the way thursday to launch a private diplomatic mission to bosnia , but many western leaders were voicing doubts .
ireland 's new premier john bruton will friday have his first meeting as prime minister with gerry adams , president of sinn fein , the irish republican army 's political wing .
former portuguese national coach jose augusto pinto is the new logrones coach , club officials announced on thursday .
the #### world cup budget has been provisionally set at #.# billion francs -lrb- about ### million dollars -rrb- by the organising committee here on thursday .
negotiations between china and the european union as part of china 's wider bid for readmission into the general agreement on tariffs and trade -lrb- gatt -rrb- are snagging on china 's lukewarm approach to opening up its vast domestic market , an eu diplomat said thursday .
protesters demanded thursday that pictures of victims and information about atomic weapons be restored to the planned exhibit of the enola gay which the smithsonian institution had decided to delete .
us open champion ernie els posted seven birdies on the back nine en route to a seven-under ## on thursday , taking a three-shot lead after the first round of the world championship of golf .
the dollar gained ground against other major currencies except the pound sterling thursday in quiet trading ahead of tuesday 's final federal reserve open market committee meeting of the year .
parma qualified for the semi-finals of the italian cup here on thursday with a #-# second leg win over fiorentina .
some ##,### people , most of them displaced bosnians , will have migrated from serbia and croatia in #### by year 's end , according to a document published here thursday by the international migration organisation .
britain 's first hospital death rate tables were released friday , in a controversial move towards bringing the state-funded healthcare system more in line with us-style private medicine .
rwanda 's vice president paul kagame demanded thursday that those responsible for mass killings in his country 's civil war be kept away from refugees in zaire and stopped from receiving humanitarian aid .
major league baseball club owners thursday delayed their decision on imposing a salary cap for seven days , saying they still wanted to reach an agreement with striking players .
bulgaria 's main political parties ruled out a broad coalition thursday after the general election this coming weekend .
major league baseball club owners thursday delayed their decision on imposing a salary cap for seven days , saying they still wanted to reach an agreement with striking players .
president bill clinton plans to propose ## billion dollars in tax breaks for the middle class in a prime-time television address thursday , a senior adminstration official said .
one of the world 's greatest fast bowlers has warned australian cricket authorities not to prepare turning wickets to help the country 's champion leg-spin bowler , shane warne .
former us president jimmy carter was paving the way thursday to launch a private diplomatic mission to bosnia , but many western leaders were voicing doubts .
the dollar opened at ###.## yen in tokyo friday , up #.## yen form the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen , but below new york 's late thursday quote of ###.## yen .
share prices opened marginally higher on the tokyo stock exchange on friday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
major league baseball club owners thursday postponed a decision on imposing a salary cap for seven days , saying they still hoped to reach an agreement with striking players .
president bill clinton plans to propose ## billion dollars in tax breaks for the middle class in a prime-time television address thursday , a senior adminstration official said .
a moslem charity has refused a donation of more than one million pounds -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- from the winner of the british national lottery 's ##.# million pound jackpot , said friday 's daily mail .
the national hockey league looked closer than ever to losing the entire ####-## season on thursday after informal talks aimed at ending a labor dispute stalled .
police have seized innocent-looking , bite-sized `` candy bomb '' fireworks sold on lima 's streets that could cause death if ingested and explode if thrown on the ground .
police have seized innocent-looking , bite-sized `` candy bomb '' fireworks sold on lima 's streets that could cause death if ingested and explode if thrown on the ground .
palmeiras beat corintians #-# in the first leg of the brazilian football championship final here on thursday .
us president bill clinton , fighting to revive his flagging presidency , proposed thursday a `` middle class bill of rights '' for americans , including ## billion dollars in tax cuts .
after a public falling-out with the rollercoaster drama of a soap opera , susana higuchi de fujimori announced thursday she was filing for divorce from president alberto fujimori .
eleven dallas cowboys and nine san francisco ##ers were picked thursday for the prestigious pro bowl , the national football league 's all-star showcase .
after a public falling-out with all the rollercoaster drama of a soap opera , susana higuchi de fujimori announced thursday she was filing for divorce from president alberto fujimori .
here is a rundown of the ## billion dollar program of tax breaks proposed by us president bill clinton on thursday to promote his `` middle class bill of rights .
here is a rundown of the ## billion dollar program of tax breaks over five years proposed by us president bill clinton on thursday to promote his `` middle class bill of rights .
a ##-year-old hong kong woman and two thais convicted of drug trafficking were hanged here friday , singapore 's central narcotics bureau -lrb- cnb -rrb- said .
top executives of south korea 's ssangyong business group have entered north korea for trade talks for the first time since the south last month lifted a ban on direct inter-korean trade , an official of the company said friday .
chinese president jiang zemin has called for effective measures to control price rises , saying high inflation should never be accepted as an unavoidable element of fast growth , reports said friday .
indonesia plans to gradually decrease its timber production from natural forests by about ## percent in five years , the official antara news agency said friday .
a human rights group has warned that the conflict in ex-yugoslavia could spread to the albanian-populated serbian province of kosovo , where it said authorities were guilty of massive repression .
airlines are bracing for severe flight disruption on saturday when thousands of people plan to blockade sydney airport to protest at aircraft noise on one of the busiest travel days of the year .
washington warned friday that china faces trade sanctions and rejection of its bid to rejoin gatt if it fails to crack down seriously on intellectual piracy within the next two weeks .
a taiwan banking consortium will provide chemicals <unk> formosa plastics group -lrb- fpg -rrb- with a #.## billion us dollar loan for expansion , fpg officials said friday .
chris walker of britain ended argentine qualifier federico <unk> 's giant-killing run to book a place in the semi-finals of the ##,###-dollar mahindra international squash tournament here .
the crew of a philippine airliner hit by a mid-air blast which killed one passenger and injured six others last weekend said friday they were convinced explosives were involved .
the khmer rouge guerrillas friday denied that skulls and bones displayed in a genocide museum in phnom penh were victims of their four-year rule in cambodia .
china is to ban foreign-funded futures brokers under new rules being drafted to restore order to chaotic markets , plagued by irregular and illegal practices , the china daily said friday .
international freight shipping giant dhl has become the first private company to take a stake in multinational airline air afrique , senior officials of both partners said here late thursday .
the togolese parliament amnestied late thursday those responsible for two attacks on the lome barracks housing the residence of president gnassingbe eyadema which left ## dead in clashes with security forces .
china sentenced nine dissidents to jail terms of up to ## years friday for `` counterrevolutionary crimes , '' while releasing six others facing lesser charges , a court spokeswoman said friday .
hong kong has allowed two local television networks to set up satellite channels following <unk> measures .
the head of the palestinian delegation at multilateral talks on middle east arms control accepted late thursday an invitation to visit israeli weapons plants , but arab states shunned the offer .
share prices ended mixed on the tokyo stock exchange friday in thin trading as profit-taking offset moderate arbitrage buying , brokers said .
russian guns were firing friday morning north of grozny , the capital of breakaway grozny , chechen officers said here .
a zimbabwean deputy has accused developed countries of trying to get rid of the black race in africa by administering aids and encouraging contraceptives and abortion .
palestinian guerrillas shot and wounded an israeli soldier on the occupied west bank on friday , military officials said .
cuba and the united states will hold talks in january on a migration agreement , a foreign ministry spokesman said .
the french franc firmed slightly to #.#### to the mark in early trading here on friday from #.#### late on thursday .
european commission president jacques delors , a socialist who has ruled himself out of france 's presidential campaign , friday criticized conservative presidential hopeful jacques chirac for changing his spots on europe .
eurotunnel set the price of a return car journey on the same day through the channel tunnel on the shuttle service at ## pounds -lrb- ## dollars -rrb- on friday .
eight out of ## israelis supported a `` military initiative '' in lebanon against pro-iranian hezbollah guerrillas , according to an opinion poll published friday .
a wild boar that wandered into the center of this western swiss town panicked and charged an ##-year-old man before a game keeper shot and killed the animal , press reports said friday .
one of the world 's greatest fast bowlers has warned australian cricket authorities not to prepare turning wickets to help the country 's champion leg-spin bowler , shane warne .
chris walker of britain ended argentine qualifier federico <unk> 's giant-killing run to book a place in the semi-finals of the ##,###-dollar mahindra international squash tournament here .
australia 's star long distance runner lisa ondieki has threatened to boycott next year 's world athletics championships in sweden if chinese athletes compete .
a new magnetic line calling device will be tested during the australian open champions doubles and junior matches , tournament director paul mcnamee said friday .
darren lehmann and paul <unk> hoisted south australia into a strong position on the opening day of the sheffield shield cricket match with champions new south wales here friday .
australia cricket officials on friday denied that pitches were being prepared to favor spin ace shane warne after doubts expressed by former test bowler dennis lillee .
`` i have no comment on what he -lrb- lillee -rrb- said , but what i can say is that we back the integrity of our curators and the state associations , '' steiner said .
a palestinian shot and wounded an israeli reserve officer in the shoulder on the occupied west bank on friday , military officials said .
iran will stage the next summit of the organisation of the islamic conference in #### , state radio announced friday .
six trucks carrying ## tonnes each of electrical equipment were due to arrive in sarajevo friday under a reconstruction plan , the largest delivery of such material since the start of the war .
the president of russia 's federation council , the parliament 's upper chamber , friday called for a ceasefire in the breakaway republic of chechnya as of # p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- .
russian defense miniser pavel grachev 's planned visit to hungary next week has been postponed , though no future date has been set nor any official explanation given , the hungarian defense ministry said .
the british public sector borrowing requirement -lrb- psbr -rrb- showed a deficit of #.# billion pounds -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in november from a revised surplus of ### million pounds in october , figures from the central statistical office -lrb- cso -rrb- showed on friday .
eurotunnel set the price of a same-day return car journey through the channel tunnel at ### francs -lrb- ## dollars -rrb- friday , announcing a set of competitive prices for the service to begin later this month .
the trial of former ethiopian dictator mengistu haile mariam was adjourned until march # , at the request of defense lawyers , the court announced here friday .
ma junren , coach to china 's star women runners , was reported friday to be suffering from cancer of the throat .
us vice president al gore met friday with president boris yeltsin in the kremlin hospital where the russian leader is recovering from minor nasal surgery , sources at the kremlin said .
shares slumped in early trading on friday because of technical factors and the spectacular defeat of the governing conservative party in the dudley by-election , dealers said .
shares slumped in early trading on friday because of technical factors and the spectacular defeat of the governing conservative party in the dudley by-election , dealers said .
japan 's opposition new frontier party -lrb- nfp -rrb- vowed friday to reserve at least ## percent of cabinet seats for women if it comes to power .
the ruble fell to #,### here on friday from #,### on friday and the central bank intervened by selling ##.# million dollars , dealers said .
a drunk motorist drove ## kilometers -lrb- about ## miles -rrb- in the wrong direction down a motorway after missing his turn , officials said friday .
the foreign exchange market here was closed for a holiday on friday and there was no quotation for the rand .
us telecommunications giant at and t has been awarded a contract worth #.# billion us dollar to construct the world 's longest undersea fiber optic communication cable system , the company said on friday .
a bomb alert forced the wife of us vice president al gore to cancel a visit to a moscow school friday , itar-tass reported .
deputies from mozambique 's two major parties were to meet friday in fresh attempts to solve a week-old crisis paralysing the new democratic parliament .
england 's injury worries are piling up and could even take over from flagging morale as the biggest worry going into next week 's crucial second test against australia .
european currencies continued to consolidate their positions against the mark , which has been unable to hold onto its recent gains as profit-taking emerged , dealers said early on friday .
italian industrial output rose by #.# percent in october from the figure for october last year and has risen by #.# percent in the first ## months of the year from the figure for the same period of last year , official figures showed on friday .
police on friday issued a poison alert after thieves stole the body of a wild boar , put down after being injured in a hit-and-run incident in the southern port city of nice .
senior us and philippine defense officials meeting here on friday deferred the signing of a controversial agreement that manila said would enable washington to stockpile military equipment in its former asian colony .
bowing to opposition pressure , the government of prime minister p.v. narasimha rao agreed friday to submit a report on a sugar scandal to the indian parliament .
the sri lankan government friday said it was going ahead with plans to receive pope john paul ii here next month despite the buddhist clergy 's call to boycott the pontiff 's visit , officials said .
sony corp. of japan and philips electronics nv of the netherlands proposed new standards for `` digital video discs '' capable of storing more than five times the data found in conventional compact discs , here on friday .
work has begun here on a museum to celebrate vietnam 's victory over the massive us b-## bombers that pounded the capital during the vietnam war , the french-language le <unk> du vietnam newspaper said .
police have arrested a leader of an armed moslem militant group wanted for planning attacks on senior officials from the interior ministry , the daily al-ahram said friday .
beleaguered italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on friday held his first summit with french president francois mitterrand , with defense matters due to be high on the agenda .
fire swept through a warehouse in algiers owned by a state-run chain of shops early friday .
john bruton , on his first day as irish prime minister , was scheduled to meet friday with gerry adams , head of the irish republican army 's sinn fein political wing , in a sign the northern ireland peace process was still on track .
the world bank signed an agreement on friday granting ## million us dollars to fund technical expertise and equipment for cambodia 's sluggish civil service .
us vice president al gore said here friday he had had `` full and productive '' talks with russian president boris yeltsin on the future of the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- .
the humanitarian air bridge with sarajevo might resume next week after a month-long interruption , but overland aid convoys are to be boosted in the meantime , a spokesman for the un high commissioner for refugees said here friday .
world squash champion jansher khan has launched a campaign to raise funds to help fight blood-related diseases in children and pledged ## percent of his future prize money to the cause .
an amnesty international delegation , currently in nigeria to investigate alleged human rights violations , has accused the government of `` lacking transparency '' on the issue of political detainees .
india 's main opposition party announced plans on friday to form a `` human chain '' along the country 's borders to protest largescale illegal immigration .
the german government will tell nato wednesday to what extent it is ready to take part in nato operations to oversee the withdrawal of un troops from bosnia , officials said friday .
sudan leader general omer hassan ahmed el-beshir friday slammed the just-concluded organisation of the islamic conference in casablanca a failure .
an earthquake registering #.# on the open-ended richter scale jolted the eastern indonesian province of irian jaya on friday , but no casualties were reported , the meteorological office said .
moslem countries are to meet in january to try to resolve a dispute over the holy city of jerusalem after jordanian king hussein walked out of an islamic summit in anger , jordan said friday .
the leader of breakaway chechnya on friday ordered his forces to pull back to avoid a direct conflict with russian armed forces sent into his tiny moslem republic to reverse its independence drive .
a court here on friday adjourned for three weeks the trial of former warlord samir geagea on charges of murdering a christian rival giving his ### lawyers a last chance to return to the case .
tanzania 's director of wildlife said friday the killing last week of three elephants near the kenyan border was legal because it was done by licensed hunters .
canadian fly-half gareth rees is convinced his side can beat france here on saturday -- despite their massive twickenham defeat earlier this month .
the black extremist pan africanist congress -lrb- pac -rrb- starts gathering friday ahead of a weekend conference to tackle a host of crises after suffering defeat in south africa 's first all-race election in april .
the london stock marked rose firmly in the first half of the friday session , stimulated by what traders called a `` technical rise '' of the futures market .
the german government will tell nato wednesday to what extent it is ready to take part in nato operations to oversee the withdrawal of un troops from bosnia , officials said friday .
the club of paris , grouping most of the rich creditor countries , has agreed to ease the debt burden bearing on the poorest countries by increasing the slice of their annual debt payments which may be canceled .
two journalists with close links to ivory coast 's opposition were released friday after eight months in jail and a third was due to be freed later in the day .
britain will buy ## hercules ii transport aircraft from us firm lockheed aeronautical systems instead of waiting for the european future large aircraft -lrb- fla -rrb- to be completed , but will rejoin the fla program later , the government said friday .
a ##-year-old rightwing extremist stabbed to death by a jealous girlfriend was buried near berlin by sympathisers bearing a picture of hitler and playing nazi music , police said friday .
in a historic break with taipei 's four-decade-long ban on direct links with the mainland , taiwan said friday it would open one of its harbors for shipments to and from china .
a senior egyptian official on friday slammed the planned diversion of a controversial motorway away from the pyramids saying it was still too close to the ancient site .
portuguese consumer prices , excluding housing , rose by #.# percent in november from october , while the annual inflation rate last month was #.# percent against #.# percent the previous month , the portuguese statistics institute announced on friday .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin offered friday to hold talks with leaders of the breakaway russian republic of chechnya but warned of tough military action if they refused to negotiate .
israeli foreign minister shimon peres apologized friday for casting aspersions on the moral conduct of king david .
an indian government-commissioned report unveiled in parliament friday under opposition pressure accused food minister <unk> rai of imposing a freeze on sugar imports which led to a steep rise in prices .
the quebec government has offered cash and land to two tribes in a settlement package that will open formal negotiations with native leaders on their ##-year-old claims .
the dollar was mixed against other major currencies in early morning trading friday , falling back against the yen , the pound sterling and the german mark but gaining ground against the french and swiss francs .
the leader of breakaway chechnya on friday refused to open top-level negotiations with moscow unless russian troops were first withdrawn from the tiny caucasus republic .
cambodia has bought ## assault tanks from poland , polish daily newspaper rzeczpospolita reported on friday in a dispatch <unk> phnom penh .
world cup winning coach and skipper franz beckenbauer on friday hit out at germany 's poor opponents in their european championship qualifying group .
former banesto bank vice-president arturo romani was jailed overnight thursday on charges of forgery , use of forgeries and embezzlement , a judicial source said on friday .
sporadic shooting continued in the commercial hub of the country friday raising the death toll in two days of violence to ## , hospitals sources said .
josef strobl came from nowhere to snatch victory in his first ever world cup downhill here on friday in the opening race of the season .
white house press secretary dee dee myers , one of the fresh faces that president bill clinton brought in his administration two years ago , announced friday she is resigning from her post at the end of the month .
the frankfurt stock market rounded the week out with a substantial gain on friday as the dax index finished at #,###.## points , up #.## percent from the thursday close .
state prosecutors have called for crack police officers who shot dead a man holding hostage a classroom full of toddlers last year not to be prosecuted , judicial officials said friday .
european champion and world silver medallist jean-michel saive made it to the semi-final of the world cup here on friday after beating taipei 's chiang peng-lung .
estonian foreign minister juri <unk> on friday slammed russia 's military intervention in the secessionist caucasus republic of chechnya , saying it undermined stability in the russian federation .
canada 's annual inflation rate decline by #.# percent in november , the government reported friday .
the paris bourse suffered a modest loss on friday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , down #.## percent by comparison with the thursday close .
the european commission announced friday a grant of humanitarian aid worth ## million ecus -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- to help displaced persons in iraq .
joint talks between the palestinian authority and the opposition hamas group set up to defuse tension after clashes in gaza left ## dead have stalled , a hamas leader said friday .
the united states and vietnam will open up liaison offices soon following the initialing of an agreement on the exchange of diplomatic properties seized after #### , a state department official said friday .
eurotunnel , the operators of the channel tunnel , on friday unveiled competitive fares for car services due to begin later this month , providing stiff competition for the ferry companies .
israeli police arrested ## settlers on friday as they protested the shooting of a soldier in the palestinian town of ramallah in the occupied west bank , a settlers spokesman said .
the london stock market scored a strong gain on friday as the footsie index jumped ##.# points or #.# percent from the thursday close to end at #,###.# points .
us president bill clinton 's national security advisor , anthony lake , is due to arrive here saturday on a flying visit for talks with president joaquim chissano , us diplomatic officials said here .
the soviet high <unk> in east germany spent the cold war sitting on a us bomb from world war ii , police said friday .
the un special representative to ex-yugoslavia , yasushi akashi , arrived friday in the croatian coastal city of split for talks with president alija izetbegovic , the hina news agency reported .
bolivian vice-president victor hugo cardenas was injured friday when his airplane crashed on landing at <unk> north of here , civil aviation officials said .
general electric announced friday the repurchase up to five billion dollars of stock over the next two years , citing good prospects for the company 's future .
kenya will receive support on the order of ### million dollars next year from aid donors if the government carries through with its intention of speeding up economic reforms , the consultative group for kenya said on friday after a paris meeting .
serbian president slobodan milosevic will visit greece monday for talks with prime minister andreas papandreou and foreign minister carolos papoulias , a foreign ministry statement said friday .
a <unk> convoy carrying more than ### tonnes of food reached the besieged moslem enclave of bihac in northwest bosnia friday , the united nations high commissioner for refugees reported in zagreb .
international police efforts aimed at the colombian cali drug cartel , nabbed ## people , nine tonnes of cocaine and ## million dollars in cash , the drug enforcement agency announced friday .
frenchman guy delage , ## , left the west coast of africa on friday at the start of an attempt to swim solo across the atlantic , the organizer of the bid here said .
it finished the day #.# percent up on the paris bourse at ##.## francs on a market which was down #.## percent , while it was up ## pence on the day in london .
british foreign secretary douglas hurd is to make official visits to bangladesh , india and pakistan next month , it was announced in london friday .
the ## member-states of cern -lrb- the european laboratory of particle physics -rrb- agreed friday to finance and build the world 's biggest and most powerful large <unk> collider , helping scientists to unravel the mysteries of matter and what drives it , cern said in geneva .
south africa was probed in the late #### 's by canada 's main spy agency for possible links with right-wing groups here and allegations that it was trying to influence canadian political parties .
british efforts to gain china 's approval of contracts for a huge container terminal in hong kong appeared hopelessly stalled here friday at the conclusion of the ##st meeting of the sino-british joint liaison group .
the governments of the central asian former soviet republics of kazakhstan , uzbekistan and turkmenistan on friday backed moscow 's move to crush secessionist forces in the caucasus republic of chechnya , saying the rebel territory is an integral part of the russian federation .
copper ended six dollars higher at #,### dollars per tonne , its highest level since august #### .
joint talks between the palestinian authority and the opposition hamas group set up to defuse tension after clashes in gaza left ## dead have stalled , a hamas leader said friday .
the dutch government has delayed announcement of its choice of a combat helicopter for equipping its army mobile brigade , prime minister wim kok announced on friday .
italian justice ministry officials who investigated the pool of judges implementing the `` clean hands '' <unk> campaign have withdrawn their resignations , justice minister alfredo biondi said friday .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi friday hit out both at one of his chief coalition partners and at his political enemies , accusing them of creating confusion and betraying the country 's voters .
the frankfurt stock market started the week off quietly , but prices rose firmly later in the week thanks to optimistic forecasts for #### by siemens , a leading issue , traders said friday evening .
a customs agreement next week between the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- and turkey , already threatened by a greek veto , might be the first casualty of controversial jail terms handed down to eight turkish lawmakers , diplomats here said friday .
a un-sponsored referendum on independence for western sahara from morocco could take place in october #### , secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said friday .
the italian government decided friday to liberalize mobile telephone rates starting in #### , a measure demanded by the telecom italia operator .
paris st germain risk being banned from the french cup because the champions do not have a fully qualified coach .
international police efforts aimed at the colombian cali drug cartel , nabbed ## people , nine tonnes of cocaine and ## million dollars in cash , the drug enforcement administration announced friday .
ireland 's new prime minister john bruton and his british counterpart john major could meets as early as next week , irish government sources said here .
a world bank official studied ways to help lebanon 's private sector , especially industry , in a meeting with the country 's industry and oil minister here friday .
the union of arab artists rejects any links with israel and will boycott artists who stage shows in the jewish state , the union 's president said friday .
a former extreme rightwing party official was jailed for three - and-a-half years friday for inciting an attack on a hostel for foreign refugees .
bosnian prime minister haris silajdzic will hold talks with french foreign minsiter alain juppe during a one-day visit to paris next tuesday , the foreign ministry said friday .
cancer victim president francois mitterrand insisted friday that he would survive until his mandate ends next may , and denied saying he would no longer be alive by then .
hundreds of people watched as a ##-man firing squad pumped bullets into a soldier who had thrown a grenade into a <unk> at a village in northern uganda , the government daily new vision reported friday .
mozambique 's president joaquim chissano on friday named his new cabinet , nearly two months after winning the nation 's first multi - party elections .
russia on friday rejected the latest serb proposals for ending the war in bosnia and accused rebel serb leaders of undermining international efforts to resolve the crisis , the interfax news agency said .
moslem shiites in bahrain clashed with police for the fifth consecutive day friday as riots spread to new areas of the gulf state , according to witnesses contacted from here by telephone .
china is determined to fight the use of drugs in sport and will severely punish its athletes who failed tests at the asian games , along with their coaches , a top official said friday .
syria was pleasantly surprised by the results of the organisation of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- summit meeting in <unk> , foreign minister faruq al-shara said .
finland 's colonel <unk> nieminen will succeed general bo <unk> of sweden as head of international observers monitoring serbia 's embargo on the bosnian serbs , officials said friday .
the british government announced friday it would allow an independent observer to be present at police interviews with those suspected of terrorism in northern ireland .
the ruling international amateur athletic federation announced here on friday night that it had stripped the great britain women 's team of its fifth place at the iaaf world cup .
the new european commission under the presidency of luxembourg 's jacques santer will officially take office on january ## , research and development commissioner edith cresson of france said friday following a meeting of fellow commissioners here .
international peace negotiators for the former yugoslavia , lord owen and thorvald stoltenberg , met serbian president slobodan milosevic here late friday to discuss ways of achieving a ceasefire in bosnia , an official statement said .
julio cesar chavez , mexico 's legendary light-welterweight champion , has decided to retire from the ring next september .
rugby may yet make it to the #### olympic games but the chances appear to be slim , according to a top sydney organiser here on friday .
president eduardo frei shrugged off rumors friday that tensions with the chilean army were on the rise as the imprisonment of two army officials convicted of a deadly #### bomb attack grows near .
the dollar posted slight gains friday against major currencies except the japanese yen with trading subdued ahead of coming holidays .
the world health organisation is to start testing vaccines designed to combat the aids pandemic within the next ## months in thailand and brazil , the head of a un program working to beat the disease , dr. peter piot , said friday .
us forces will aid in the pullout of remaining un forces in war-torn somalia , the defense department said friday .
the georgia friendship group of the finnish parliament on friday denounced russia 's decision to send troops into chechnya and called on other states to help bring an end to the violence .
south africa 's ernie els shot his second straight ## here on friday for a ##-under-par total of ### and a six-stroke lead midway through the world championship of golf .
us forces will aid in the pullout of remaining un forces in war-torn somalia , the defense department said friday .
blue chip shares got a solid boost friday as the triple witching hour cast its spell over a bustling session on wall street .
sweden 's military are pondering whether to use bullet-proof <unk> after recent tests showed the snow bunkers resist both gunfire and grenades , army colonel per <unk> said on friday .
the security council friday gave the nod to a un observer mission to tajikistan to try to facilitate a negotiated settlement to the conflict in the formerly soviet republic in central asia .
bosnian president alija izetbegovic on friday again denounced former us president jimmy carter 's projected mediation mission in bosnia - hercegovina this weekend , saying it was a `` waste of time '' .
maurice saatchi has resigned as chairman of advertising giant saatchi and saatchi , the company announced friday .
blue-chip shares were on the rise this week , getting a lift from computer buying linked to friday 's triple witching hour and portfolio padding ahead of the year 's end .
south korean president kim young-sam has named unification minister lee hong-koo as prime minister , replacing the outgoing lee <unk> , a government spokesman announced here saturday .
pope john paul ii will preach ## sermons , celebrate six masses and pronounce the beatification of a priest , a nun and a lay <unk> during an asia-pacific tour of four countries next month .
last-ditch attempts to bring peace to the breakaway russian republic of chechnya were in train saturday as moscow 's deadline neared for chechens to end resistance or face a russian advance on their capital .
american eagle , the <unk> division of american airlines , canceled all flights out of chicago and five other midwest cities friday after pilots asked for better cold weather flight training .
president alberto fujimori said friday his wife 's decision to seek a divorce had caught him off guard , and that peru 's reputation was being marred by the media circus surrounding his marital woes .
argentina , brazil , uruguay and paraguay gave the green light friday to a common external tariff system , paving the way for their mercosur free trade area to take effect january # .
human rights groups moved swiftly saturday to condemn the heavy sentences handed down to nine chinese dissidents in the largest political trial here since #### .
john bertrand 's oneaustralia was given the go-ahead for a second america 's cup yacht here on friday by a jury of the regatta 's challenger of record committee .
ten people , including three nationals from thailand , were killed in clashes late friday and early saturday in karachi , pakistani officials said .
indian food minister <unk> rai has offered to resign after a government-commissioned report blamed him for freezing sugar imports which led to a steep rise in prices , the indian express said saturday .
the shanghai intermediate people 's court sentenced to death friday an arsonist who set fire to ## trucks , a newspaper reported saturday .
china announced plans saturday to cut a further two million civil service jobs next year , despite fierce grassroots opposition to streamlining the country 's elephantine bureaucracy .
north korea said it had shot down a us army helicopter which had illegally flown deep into its territory from south korea on saturday .
at least ## indian soldiers , missing since wednesday , are feared buried under an avalanche in the mountains of the northern state of kashmir , newspapers said saturday .
indonesia has refused to extend logging rights for ## concessionaires because they failed to meet government requirements on forestry management , press reports said saturday .
australian rodney eyles beat compatriot brett martin to enter the finals of the ##,###-dollar mahindra international squash tournament here , where he will meet world number two peter marshall of britain .
plastic fever is mounting in china , with the number of credit cards issued by five major banks totalling more than #.# million by the end of november , xinhua said saturday .
vietnam 's state committee for cooperation and investment has set new rules for granting licences for foreign investment in the hotel , garment and footwear industries , press reports said saturday .
a us defense department spokesman confirmed saturday that one of its south korea-based oh-## helicopters with two people on board had made an `` emergency landing , '' but would not confirm that it had been shot down by north korea .
airport security personnel found explosive powder and fuse wire in baggage to be loaded on a philippine airlines -lrb- pal -rrb- plane due to take off for a nearby island chain , a police official said saturday .
the fraser and neave -lrb- f and n -rrb- group has announced a ##.# percent jump in group net profits to ###.# million dollars -lrb- ##.# million us dollars -rrb- for the beverage giant 's financial year ended september ## , #### .
the chinese government is set to draft regulations aimed at preventing chinese matrimonial agencies that promise foreign spouses from ripping off hopeful clients , the china daily reported saturday .
emir sheikh issa ben salman al-khalifa pledged saturday to boost the role of the bahraini consultative committee after five days of rioting in the gulf state .
the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya said saturday that it had sent a `` technical '' delegation to moscow to seek clarification of russian president boris yeltsin 's offer of talks .
more than ## people have been killed and about ### wounded during the past week in factional fighting raging in hargeisa , the capital of the breakaway republic of somaliland , its self-styled `` president '' mohamed ibrahim egal said saturday .
ethiopia on saturday appealed to the international community for emergency food aid for nearly four million ethiopians threatened with famine next year .
bosnian serb officials refused clearance for urgently needed fuel for sarajevo on saturday , leaving the un protection force in the bosnian capital down to its last few days ' supply , a spokesman said .
scoreboard on the opening day of the four-day cricket match between queensland and england here saturday .
scoreboard in the one-day cricket match between tasmania and zimbabwe here saturday .
a dubai sheik lost one million dollars when he backed south africa to beat sri lanka in their one-day cricket match in the south african city of bloemfontein , the johannesburg star said saturday .
part-time medium-pacer greg blewett humbled a star-studded new south wales batting line-up to put south australia in command in the sheffield shield match here saturday .
mike gatting , spurred by the presence of john crawley at the other end , cracked an unbeaten century against queensland here saturday in an attempt to retain his england place for next weekend 's second melbourne test .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi 's search for new coalition partners suffered a setback saturday when a centrist group he was wooing said it would not join his government .
russian authorities offered on saturday to meet the leader of the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya face to face to give him an ultimatum to end his bid for independence , russian news agencies said .
france 's hopes of an emphatic revenge victory over canada caught a cold here on saturday after a full-scale row broke out over the choice of venue .
moscow on saturday called the leader of the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya to a face to face last-ditch meeting to receive an ultimatum to end his armed bid for independence , russian news agencies reported .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin left here for uzbekistan saturday after meeting with leading south korean business conglomerate heads on the last day of a four-day official visit .
african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- officials began arriving here saturday for a four-day congress during which president nelson mandela is expected to define new strategies for improving the lives of the country 's black majority .
more than ## people have been killed and about ### wounded during the past week in factional fighting raging in hargeisa , the capital of the secessionist somaliland , the region 's self-styled `` president '' mohamed ibrahim egal said saturday .
a french lawyer defending lebanese anti-israeli activists on saturday urged israel to allow visits to khiam jail in its self-proclaimed security zone in lebanon .
a gunshot was fired early saturday morning at the white house , us president bill clinton 's official residence , cnn reported quoting park police .
a gunshot was fired early saturday morning at the white house , us president bill clinton 's official residence , hitting the building 's southern portico , cnn reported quoting park police .
pakistani paceman waqar younis was back to his brilliant best saturday , taking #-## to restrict south africa to a modest ###-# in their mandela trophy one-day international clash at kingsmead here .
russian authorities announced saturday that russian troops would bombard strategic targets in the capital of breakaway chechnya if the rebel republic 's forces failed to disarm under a russian ultimatum .
a cairo court has rejected a ###,### dollars compensation claim against the interior ministry by a egyptian wounded in an moslem militant bomb attack , the daily al-ahram said saturday .
one of switzerlands 's most flamboyant figures of the ####s , whose interests ran from football to rock music , has been sentenced in geneva to five years in prison for embezzling ## million swiss francs -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- .
the government of the breakaway russian republic of chechnya on saturday effectively rejected a russian offer of talks with the republic 's leader dzhokhar dudayev , saying it refused to acknowledge the invitation .
the popular front for the liberation of palestine -lrb- pflp -rrb- on saturday claimed an attack that wounded an israeli reserve officer near the palestinian town of ramallah in the occupied west bank .
former french prime minister antoine pinay was buried in this central french region on saturday after a funeral ceremony attended by leading politicians and a former president .
two unprofor flights were due to land at sarajevo on saturday afternoon to permit troop rotations , the first since the airport was closed almost a month ago , a un spokesman said .
australian fast bowler merv hughes ' hopes of returning to his country 's side for the second test against england next week were wrecked by a thigh injury here saturday .
the oldest man in france , emile laurent has died a few weeks before his ###th birthday , hospital officials in this eastern french city said saturday .
world no. # jean-michel saive of belgium downed croatian zoran primorac ##-## , ##-## , ##-## , ##-## to move into the final of the world cup table tennis tournament here saturday .
the leader of the breakaway russian republic of chechnya , dzhokhar dudayev , on saturday refused to meet with a russian delegation which was to deliver an ultimatum to his forces to disarm .
a total ## countries including russia signed an international energy charter in lisbon on saturday aimed at boosting western investment in eastern europe , but the united states rejected the terms .
egyptian prime minister atef sedki has ruled out once and for all any devaluation of the pound as demanded by the international monetary fund .
the us armed forces command in south korea said it had `` no specific information '' on the fate of two american crew members of an army helicopter that strayed into north korea on saturday .
israel is trying to rewrite the accords that launched palestinian autonomy and delay talks on holding elections , the self-rule authority charged on saturday .
about #,### demonstrators protested in this southern german town saturday against an extreme-right republican party congress being held here .
the russian government saturday ordered journalists out of breakaway chechnya , ahead a midnight -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- deadline for rebel forces to lay down their arms or face bombardment .
birmingham city signed southend utility player ricky otto for a club record of ###,### pounds here on saturday .
several gunshots were fired at the white house saturday from a nearby park as president bill clinton and his family slept inside the mansion , secret service officials said .
italian deputies announced saturday that they would file two separate no-confidence motions in parliament on monday in a bid to overthrow the rightist government of prime minister silvio berlusconi .
an us delegation led by congressman bill richardson arrived in pyongyang on saturday , north korea 's official news agency said .
united states and pakistani companies signed ## investment agreements worth more than #.# billion dollars on saturday for oil , gas and power generation projects .
president nelson mandela brightened up the life of a paralysed boy when he pushed his wheelchair out of sight of the media and gave him ### rand -lrb- ## dollars -rrb- for a new school uniform , domestic news agency sapa said saturday .
antonio di pietro , italy 's most famous magistrate and spearhead of the clean hands anti-corruption operation , has married his partner of ## years , italian television reported saturday .
pakistan 's batsmen saturday savaged south africa 's pace attack to crush the home side by eight wickets in their mandela trophy one-day international clash at kingsmead here .
the us armed forces command in south korea said it had `` no specific information '' on the fate of two american crew members of an army helicopter that strayed into north korea on saturday .
gunshots were fired at the white house saturday as president bill clinton and his family slept inside , causing no injuries or damage but raising fresh questions on security for the us executive mansion .
three unprofor flights landed in sarajevo saturday to permit troop rotations , the first since the airport was closed almost a month ago , un protection force spokeswoman myriam sochacki said .
chechen president dzhokhar dudayev saturday invited russian premier viktor chernomyrdin for talks in the crisis-torn breakaway republic 's capital grozny , an offer immediately rejected by moscow .
sunday 's second round of mayoral elections in slovenia will provide an acid test for the ruling coalition 's senior party , after the left lost ground in the first round a fortnight ago .
a red cross convoy carrying medical aid arrived in the chechen capital grozny on saturday , a spokesman for the organization said here .
france and philippe sella got their revenge here on saturday as they ground down a gutsy canadian side to win ##-# .
gunshots were fired at the white house saturday as president bill clinton and his family slept inside , causing no injuries or damage but raising fresh questions on security for the us executive mansion .
the humanitarian aid group international action against hunger said it was making every effort to free a young frenchman taken hostage by armed somalians in mogadishu saturday .
manchester united 's magnificent home record was left in ruins on saturday , after they crashed to a shock #-# defeat to nottingham forest at old trafford .
sporadic incidents of shooting and arson were reported here saturday and the death toll continued to rise in this southern port city plagued by political , ethnic and religious violence .
leaders from the six nations of the gulf cooperation council may discuss border disputes which have sullied their relations , bahraini foreign minister sheikh mohammad ben mubarak al-khalifa said saturday .
the ceasefire lines between israel and its arab neighbors before the #### middle east war must form the basis of peace in the region , egyptian foreign minister amr mussa said saturday .
egypt will keep its contigent of peacekeeping troops in bosnia and will urge other countries to contribute to un forces if nato countries withdraw , foreign minister amr mussa said saturday .
gunshots were fired at the white house saturday as president bill clinton and his family slept inside , causing no injuries or damage but raising fresh questions on security for the us executive mansion .
the united states called on north korea saturday to hand over the two crewman of a us army helicopter that went down in north korean territory and described the incident as `` ominous .
a french <unk> warplane was hit by gunfire during a reconnaissance flight saturday over war-torn bosnia-hercegovina , nato 's southern command headquarters said here .
a bomb explosion in a downtown istanbul shop saturday injured one man , the semi-official turkish news agency anatolia said .
king hussein of jordan received saturday a written message from cuban president fidel castro , the jordanian news agency petra reported .
the united states called on north korea saturday to hand over the two crewman of a us army helicopter that went down in north korean territory and described the incident as `` ominous .
chechen leader general dzhokhar dudayev on saturday ordered his troops to `` fight to the death '' to save the breakaway caucasus republic from imminent russian intervention , a chechen official told radio echo here .
blackburn extended their lead at the top of the english premiership here on saturday despite being held to a goalless draw at lowly leicester as manchester united 's unbeaten home record in the league was brought to an end by nottingham forest .
the bodies of ## presumed victims of a croatian serb couple on trial for alleged war crimes were exhumed in baranja , serb-controlled east croatia , a news report said saturday .
germany 's foreign minister klaus kinkel saturday backed the use of german fighter planes to protect humanitarian aid flights to bosnia , a news report said .
pope john paul ii was named time magazine 's #### man of the year , with the publication applauding his influence in promoting the betterment of the human condition .
the chechen government threatened saturday to execute russian prisoners it is still holding if moscow goes ahead with its threat to bomb the rebel capital grozny , a government spokesman said .
islamic militants shot dead a peasant they suspected of collaborating with the police and wounded his son in the mallawi region of southern egypt on saturday , police said .
the chechen government threatened saturday to execute russian prisoners it is still holding if moscow goes ahead with its threat to bomb the rebel capital grozny , a government spokesman said .
vice president al gore urged the international olympic committee to crack down on coaches and other officials who encourage athletes to use performance enhancing drugs .
the oneaustralia america 's cup syndicate saturday welcomed an international jury decision giving its new america 's cup yacht the all-clear .
three artillery blasts rocked the outskirts of the chechen capital grozny on saturday ## minutes after the expiry of a russian deadline for the rebel regime to lay down its arms , an afp correspondent said .
nine ingush were killed saturday in a shoot-out with russian troops passing through for an imminent intervention in the neighbouring rebel republic of chechnya , a russian lawmaker said .
hardline ulster unionist leader ian paisley on saturday demanded london explain comments by former irish premier albert reynolds which paisley said proved london and dublin were secretly working for a united irish state .
us embassy officials were working late saturday to put the final touches to the schedule for former president jimmy carter 's controversial three-day mediation bid in war-torn bosnia-hercegovina .
former us president jimmy carter was set saturday to begin mediation efforts in the bosnian conflict amid skepticism in both washington and sarajevo .
eight hundred cash-strapped couples got married saturday in a mass wedding organised by an iranian charity in seven towns including tehran .
the shiite moslem amal movement on saturday claimed an attack on the pro-israeli south lebanon army militia , security officials said .
gunshots were fired at the white house saturday as president bill clinton and his family slept inside , causing no injuries or damage but raising fresh questions on security for the us executive mansion .
after three years of simmering tension with the rebel republic of chechnya over its unilateral declaration of independence from russia , russian troops were poised to advance on the capital grozny on sunday after moving into the republic a week ago to crush the independence drive .
britain denied saturday that london and dublin were about to propose a joint executive body for northern ireland and <unk> accused former irish premier albert <unk> of betraying <unk> .
former us president jimmy carter left late saturday to begin mediation efforts in the bosnian conflict amid skepticism in both washington and sarajevo .
gunshots were fired at the white house saturday as president bill clinton and his family slept inside , causing no injuries or damage but raising fresh questions on security for the us executive mansion .
bulgarians prepared to vote sunday in their third general elections in five years , which opinion polls forecast would bring the ex-communist socialist party back to power .
the luxury liner qe# left some ### passengers behind on the dockside saturday because their cabins were not ready , even though the vessel had just undergone a multi-million dollar refit .
the five nuclear powers and four other countries , including japan , have agreed `` in principle '' to disclose regularly the amount of plutonium they possess for non-military purpose , a press report said sunday .
malaysia 's buoyant economy grew #.# percent in the third quarter of this year compared to #.# percent in the preceding quarter , finance minister anwar ibrahim was quoted saying sunday .
representatives of south korea 's <unk> business conglomerate emerged from a five-day visit to north korea this weekend , saying they would support new infrastructure projects in the north , and its cement industry .
bulgarians began voting sunday in their third general elections in five years , which opinion polls forecast would bring the ex-communist socialist party back to power .
australians are drinking less and exercising more , but still losing their battle of the bulge , according to new health research released sunday .
more than #,### people died in traffic accidents in china in november , a ##.# percent increase over the same period last year , the xinhua news agency reported sunday .
china urged britain sunday to set aside disputes and cooperate on hong kong 's future ahead of the ##th anniversary of an historic pact governing the prosperous colony 's return to chinese rule in #### .
moscow has given separatist chechen authorities another ## hours until midnight sunday -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- to comply with its ultimatum and disarm , sources close to the russian government said .
flooding in the mekong delta has killed ### people , more than half of them children , and caused ### million dollars of damage since august , a report said sunday .
china will have to boost cotton imports in the next few years in the face of growing market demand and weak production , the china daily said sunday .
bahrain for the first time sunday admitted to `` troubles '' in the country after reports of a week of riots following the arrest of a shiite moslem leader but said the situation was under control .
a nanny in taiwan was arrested at the weekend and charged with killing her employer in order to steal her infant boy , police in taichung , in central taiwan , said sunday .
the united nations ' world heritage committee will continue to `` monitor closely '' an egyptian highway project to ensure that cairo diverts the road from the great pyramids , a un official said here sunday .
the leader of the opposition to the rulers of the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya on sunday publicly backed moves by moscow to end its bid for independence .
us congressman bill richardson met north korean leaders in pyonyang sunday as the fate of two crewmen of a us army helicopter , which went down in north korea overnight , remained unknown .
bahrain for the first time sunday admitted to `` troubles '' in the country after reports of a week of riots following the arrest of a shiite moslem leader but said the situation was under control .
former us president jimmy carter arrived in frankfurt sunday on his way to bosnia where he is to seek to mediate between the warring parties .
scoreboard after the first day of the three-day cricket match between zimbabwe and tasmania here sunday .
a malaysian factory worker accused of murdering her housemate who made lesbian advances on her has been freed after a court accepted her claim of self-defence , the sunday star newspaper said .
maligned mike gatting boosted his chances of retaining his spot for the second melbourne test with a double century to guide england into an impregnable position on the second day of their tour match with queensland here sunday .
essex left-arm seamer mark ilott has been summoned into the england ashes cricket tour as cover for injured paceman darren gough .
zimbabwe cricket captain andy flower has been refused a replacement player to boost his eager but inexperienced touring party here .
slovenia was holding its second round of mayoral elections sunday , with the ruling coalition 's senior party hoping for an improvement after taking a battering in the first round two weeks ago .
former us president jimmy carter left frankfurt for zagreb sunday morning on his way to bosnia where he is to seek to mediate between the warring parties .
jean-philippe gatien of france <unk> belgian world number one jean - michel saive to capture the world cup here sunday .
moslem countries were urged sunday to help chechnya in a comment in a daily paper which said they had a duty to give the breakaway republic financial and moral support .
zimbabwe captain andy flower plans to accelerate his team 's scoring here monday following a defensive start after tasmania 's declared first innings on the opening day of a three-day cricket match sunday .
former us president jimmy carter arrived in zagreb sunday to embark on a tough mediating mission to end the war in bosnia-hercegovina .
russian planes bombed strategic sites sunday near grozny , the capital of the breakaway caucasian republic of chechnya , hours after a midnight ultimatum expired for rebel troops to lay down their arms , russian officials were quoted as announcing by the itar-tass agency .
russian planes on sunday bombed rebel armored units and bridges near grozny , capital of the breakaway caucasian republic of chechnya , hours after a midnight ultimatum expired for separatists to lay down their arms , russian officials were quoted as saying by the itar-tass agency .
the iranian embassy in jordan on sunday strongly denied that it channelled aid from tehran to the palestinian fundamentalist group hamas , as suggested in a us congressional report .
saudi arabia on sunday blamed yemen for an armed clash on their disputed border which it said left a saudi worker dead .
former french health minister bernard kouchner , best known for <unk> in hot-spots across the world , said on sunday he might be a candidate in presidential elections due next april-may .
new zealand , with nothing to play for but pride , gave their best batting performance yet in the mandela trophy quadrangular one-day cricket series , scoring ###-# against sri lanka in their alloted ## overs at buffalo park here sunday .
ten people were killed when a wooden ferry sank off the indonesian island of sulawesi early sunday , an official said here .
thai prime minister chuan leekpai secured a political victory sunday with the official announcement that monarch king bhumibol adulyadej had endorsed a cabinet reshuffle that guarantees him a majority in parliament .
pakistan 's troubled commercial capital of karachi was crippled sunday by strikes by a militant sectarian party and a transport group .
german finance minister theo waigel warned sunday that the european union can not afford the costs of a rapid enlargment to take in the countries of eastern europe .
michael von grunigen of switzerland won the men 's alpine skiing world cup giant slalom here sunday .
a kuwaiti police officer has been sentenced to life imprisonment for collaborating with iraqi secret services during the ####-#### occupation of the emirate , legal officials told afp sunday .
the government has said that train fares will increase by ## percent in the new year , a further sign of the government 's losing battle against rampant inflation , reports received here sunday said .
pope john paul ii made a passionate plea to the warring parties in bosnia sunday to stop fighting on christmas day .
prime minister tomiichi murayama appealed for new blood sunday to keep his shaky socialist party from disappearing from japan 's fast-changing political scene .
a tight finish is promised on the last day of the sheffield shield clash between western australia and victoria here monday .
a french peacekeeper and an elderly woman were slightly wounded sunday in a sniping incident in the holiday inn area of sarajevo , un protection force spokeswoman myriam sochacki said .
north korean army officials met with us army representatives on the dmz on sunday , but were silent on the fate of two crew members of a us helicopter missing in the north , the un command said here .
frank liles kept his world boxing association supermiddleweight crown here on sunday with a points victory over fellow american michael nunn .
two young bahrainis were killed sunday in dawn clashes in a moslem shiite village in the worst violence since riots erupted a week ago in the gulf state , witnesses said .
colombian harold grey kept his international boxing federation super - flyweight title here on saturday night with a points victory over italian veteran vincenzo <unk> .
the former mayor of yerevan has been shot dead by unknown assailants in the latest political violence in the armenian capital , itar-tass reported sunday .
more than #,### people died on the roads of turkey in the first ## months of the year , official figures showed sunday .
the leader of taiwan 's main opposition democratic progressive party -lrb- dpp -rrb- called president lee teng-hui a dictator who will destroy the ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- , local press reported sunday .
six people died and ## were wounded as state troops and other gunmen opened fire sunday during a strike here by a militant sectarian party that crippled pakistan 's troubled commercial capital , witnesses said .
russian forces fired artillery shells at rebel positions and civilian houses at a village north of grozny , the capital of the separatist republic of chechnya , on sunday , witnesses said .
chancellor helmut kohl urged german deputies sunday to back their country 's participation in any eventual un troop retreat from bosnia .
former us president jimmy carter left the croatian capital zagreb for sarajevo sunday afternoon , to begin the second phase of his controversial visit to mediate in the bosnian crisis .
a buddhist monk who mediated talks between detained opposition leader aung san suu kyi and burma 's military junta said he was confident the nobel peace prize winner would be freed soon , a daily reported sunday .
chechen president dzhokhar dudayev sent a plea to turkey to enlist ankara 's support in obtaining a ceasefire accord with russian troops massed in the breakaway republic , a foreign ministry statement said sunday .
scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- officials are set to investigate allegations made on sunday of improper payments to former glasgow rangers manager graham souness .
chinese police are to go hi-tech in their fight against increased crime with a nationwide computer data system and modern investigation techniques , xinhua news agency said sunday .
pakistan sunday called for a peaceful settlement in the breakaway russian republic of chechnya , saying there was sympathy for the people of the republic in the moslem world .
thousands of travellers were stranded this weekend when the long - neglected road linking the indian ocean resort of mombasa with the capital nairobi became impassable following heavy rains .
pan africanist congress -lrb- pac -rrb- president clarence makwetu sunday faced down a challenge to his leadership to retain the presidency of the black extremist organization by nine votes , the domestic news agency sapa said .
former us president jimmy carter landed at sarajevo airport at #:## p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- sunday on the second leg of his controversial mediation bid in bosnia-hercegovina , an afp reporter present at the airport said .
seven people were killed and two others were seriously injured when their dc-# cargo plan crashed into a hill shortly after takeoff , venezuelan officials said sunday .
sudanese authorities have ordered all doctors to undergo ## months of military service before entering medical practice in state-run hospitals or private clinics , a news report said sunday .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin said sunday he was ready for a compromise with the plo over the vexed question of an army redeployment on the west bank ahead of palestinian elections .
a senior sudanese official called sunday on arab and islamic countries to help feed more than one million refugees who are overburdening the country 's weak economy .
six people died and around ## were wounded as troops and other gunmen opened fire sunday during a strike here by a militant sectarian party that crippled pakistan 's troubled commercial capital , witnesses said .
<unk> campaigner abbe pierre on sunday squatted a block of empty paris flats along with more than ### people , including ## children , and vowed not to budge .
parma returned to the top of the italian calcio on sunday after a #-# victory at bari , while overnight leaders juventus were held to a disappointing #-# draw at home to genoa .
as the summer tourist season gets under way , army troops are being deployed to patrol rio 's popular beaches to protect visitors from petty crime , a military source said sunday .
sanath jayasuriya slaughtered the new zealand pace attack , scoring ## off ## balls , to help sri lanka to a five-wicket win in their mandela trophy quadrangular series one-day match at buffalo park here sunday .
graeme souness denied allegations here on sunday that he had received a ##,### pounds transfer payout and said he plans to bring legal proceedings against the newspaper that made them .
defense lawyers acting for ## islamic militants accused of trying to murder egypt 's nobel prize-winning author naguib mahfouz sunday demanded that the nobel laureate and his wife testify at the trial .
one of the us army helicopter pilots downed in north korea is dead while the other was reported alive and unhurt , president bill clinton said sunday .
even the graceful presence of glenn hoddle could not inspire chelsea to victory here on sunday as liverpool held on for a point in an <unk> and goalless encounter at stamford bridge .
russian police arrested several chechens in moscow for alleged illegal possession of arms and stepped up checks on suspected chechen <unk> amid fears of terrorist reprisals , interior ministry sources said sunday .
russian president boris yeltsin late sunday rejected the latest offer by rebel chechen president dzhokhar dudayev to negotiate an end to the chechnya crisis , a spokesman for yeltsin 's office said .
a gang of some ## german neo-nazi youths attacked an asylum-seekers ' hostel in the eastern town of <unk> , hurling stones , beer bottles and parts of chairs at the building , local officials said sunday .
the former communists romped to victory sunday in bulgaria 's third general election since the fall of communism in #### , according to preliminary results released to the election watchdog fair elections .
israeli police sunday for the first time prevented palestinian security chief jibril rajub from entering arab east jerusalem , forcing him to return to the self-rule enclave of jericho , state radio reported .
greece beat scotland #-# with a disputed first-half penalty in their european championship group eight qualifier here on sunday .
vreni schneider of switzerland won her ##rd women 's world cup race with victory in a floodlit slalom here sunday ahead of sweden 's pernilla wiberg .
russia , who had the advantage of playing last , scored five times in the first period on their way to an #-# win over italy here sunday to reach the izvestia cup ice hockey final .
the former communists romped to victory sunday in bulgaria 's third general election since the fall of communism in #### , according to preliminary results released to the election watchdog fair elections .
jimmy johnson , who coached the dallas cowboys to the past two super bowl titles , said sunday he will spent another year working as a television <unk> for rupert murdoch 's fox network .
dec ## -lrb- afp -rrb- - bosnian army admitted sunday it had withdrawn from velika kladusa after more than a month of fierce attacks by croatian serb troops and forces loyal to <unk> moslem leader fikret abdic .
polling institutes unanimously declared sunday that the former communist bulgarian socialist party had won bulgaria 's general elections , taking more than ## percent of the vote , television reports said .
iraq is ready to comply fully with all un security council resolutions to secure a lifting of the crippling international embargo , former french foreign minister claude <unk> said sunday after talks with iraqi officials here .
kuwaiti citizens will be able to enter qatar simply by showing their identity cards at the border from monday , the official agency qna reported here sunday .
palmeiras won the brazilian championship for the second successive year by drawing #-# with corintians here on sunday in the second leg of their final .
scotland crashed to their first group eight defeat in the european qualifying championship here on sunday when greece won #-# with a ##th minute penalty by skipper <unk> apostolakis .
israel protested strongly to the palestinian self-rule authority sunday after a palestinian policeman opened fire at israeli troops in the gaza strip , wounding one of them , military officials said .
brazil 's government may ban the use of a hallucinogenic drink used as part of ceremonies in a western amazon faith , the president of the federal narcotics council said sunday .
iran does not intend using nuclear technology for military purposes , iran 's supreme national security coucil secretary said here sunday , quoted by the official agency irna reported .
police on sunday shot dead a suspected serial killer after the man attacked a detective with a tree branch at the scene of one of his alleged crimes , a police spokesman said .
investigators said sunday there were few clues in the latest shooting episode outside the white house in which one of the bullets pierced a state dining room window at the executive mansion .
the us dollar opened at ###.## yen on the tokyo foreign exchange market monday , up #.## yen from the previous business day 's finish of ###.## yen .
three polling organizations out of five predicted monday that the former communists of the bulgarian socialist party would have an absolute majority in parliament in the wake of sunday 's general elections .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange monday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
parma returned to the top of the italian league on sunday after a #-# victory at bari , while overnight leaders juventus were held to a disappointing #-# draw at home to genoa .
eight people died when an indonesian army helicopter crashed in east kalimantan while on a border survey flight , the army headquarters ' information office said monday .
british security forces late sunday destroyed a bomb found in a furniture store at enniskillen , in the southwest of the province , after a telephoned warning , the royal ulster constabulary said .
us army officers were to request the return of the surviving pilot from a helicopter downed in north korea in a meeting monday at the border truce village of panmunjom , a us army spokesman said .
new zealand is to clamp down further on smokers by lifting the minimum legal age for buying cigarettes to ## from ## , health minister jenny shipley said monday .
peru 's capital and much of the country north and south of lima were plunged into darkness late sunday by a major blackout , officials said .
a former mayor in northern japan who was arrested for bribery this month attempted to commit suicide sunday and is in critical condition , police said .
the ex-communist bulgarian socialist party handily won sunday 's general elections , taking ##.# percent of the vote , the central electoral commission said early monday after partial counting of ballots .
analysts welcomed monday data showing a drop in housing finance and a lower-than-expected rise in australia 's merchandise imports .
china is to set up its own movie satellite television broadcasting network next year to compete with the growing number of overseas satellite broadcasters aiming at the vast chinese market .
china and neighbouring countries have reached a consensus for the joint development of tourism along the mekong river , it was reported monday .
patterned after britain 's stonehenge , but at the opposite end of the world in terms of time and distance , new zealand 's new age <unk> is arising in a kiwi field northeast of hamilton .
gibraltar chief minister joe <unk> accused britain of trying to destabilise its colony in a gesture of appeasement to spain which claims the rock as its own , in an interview published here monday .
china issued a ban monday on all new luxury construction projects until the end of #### , in a bid to control excessive fixed asset investment that is fuelling high inflation .
japan 's kobe steel ltd. and texas instruments inc. of the united states announced monday plans to invest ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- to double semiconductor production capacity at a joint - venture plant .
swedish telecommunications giant ericsson has signed a ##.# million dollar contract to supply advanced equipment for a major digital exchange project in china 's southern guangdong province , a report said monday .
one worker was killed and two others were seriously injured in an accident on monday at south korea 's top explosive manufacturer , korea explosives co. , in the western port city of inchon , police said .
tamil guerrillas on monday attacked security forces , nearly two weeks after the army 's last offensive , killing at least three soldiers and shelling defense lines in the embattled northeast , officials said .
japan 's kobe steel ltd. and texas instruments inc. of the united states announced monday plans to invest ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- on doubling semiconductor capacity at a joint-venture plant in japan .
foreign firms hungry for a slice of china 's lucrative color television market must provide advanced technology for any proposed joint venture , the electronics ministry said monday .
a man was killed by an indian airlines plane at an airport in the southern indian city of hyderabad on sunday while crossing the runway on a scooter , the times of india reported monday .
thirteen people were killed in overnight clashes in pakistan 's strife - torn commercial hub karachi , witnesses and hospital sources said monday .
an israeli soldier was killed and another wounded early monday in an attack claimed by the moslem fundamentalist group hezbollah in the israeli `` security zone `` in <unk> lebanon , security officials said .
share prices gained ground on the tokyo stock exchange monday on prospects that there would be no further us interest rate rise in the immediate future .
a mini-bus collided with a truck killing ## people and seriously injuring nine others in southwestern iran in one of the country 's worst road accidents , a newspaper reported monday .
two chinese government-run firms vowed monday to `` vigorously '' fight claims by us investment bank lehman brothers of default , maintaining they were the result of `` unfair '' marketing .
a ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- party local council speaker has been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a taiwanese entertainment tycoon , a prosecutor said monday .
the financial rand for non-resident investors opened higher against the dollar monday , opening at #.## \/ ## rands to the greenback from thursday 's close of #.## \/ ## .
overcrowding on chinese trains has given rise to a new phenomenon of `` railway madness , '' with <unk> passengers launching lethal attacks on fellow travellers or jumping to their deaths , a report said tuesday .
a moderate earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale shook a wide area around the japanese capital monday , although there were no reports of any injuries or damage , the meteorological agency said here .
the dollar advanced only marginally on the tokyo foreign exchange market on monday in the absence of major incentives .
an officer of australia 's secret intelligence agency pleaded guilty monday to removing secret files from its headquarters .
israeli president ezer weizman arrived here monday for his first state visit to egypt .
papua new guinea 's emergency services authority on monday blamed overloading for the deaths of ## people in a plane which slammed into a <unk> at the weekend .
a second meeting between representatives of the north korean and us armies to discuss the return of the pilots of the downed us helicopter failed to take place monday , an eighth army spokesman said .
the compaq computer group plans to grow twice as fast as its competitors , the president of the us micro-computer group eckhard pfeiffer said on monday .
the ruble fell to #,### to the dollar here on monday from #,### on friday .
former us president jimmy carter left sarajevo monday morning for the serb stronghold of pale , ## kilometres -lrb- nine miles -rrb- to the east , to meet bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic .
at least thirteen people were killed in overnight clashes triggered by a general strike in pakistan 's strife-torn commercial hub of karachi , witnesses and hospital sources said monday .
scoreboard on the second day of the three-day cricket match between zimbabwe and tasmania here monday .
play was abandoned on the second day of the three-day cricket match between tasmania and zimbabwe here monday .
south australia will target runaway sheffield shield leaders queensland after blitzing reigning champions new south wales by ### runs here monday .
government ministers and security council officials held a crisis meeting on chechnya early monday in moscow , while talks between russia and the breakaway republic are at an impasse , itar-tass said .
defending champion steffi graf joins mary pierce and conchita martinez in the ###,###-dollar toray pan pacific open women 's tennis tournament starting january ## .
the us central intelligence agency is deeply worried that a terrorist might seize or manufacture arms of mass destruction , its director said in a television interview .
scoreboard after the third day of the four-day tour match between england and queensland here monday .
the downing of a us army helicopter last saturday is the ##th military brush between us and north korean troops since the end of korean war in #### .
a declaration of independence by taiwan could trigger one of the most drastic regional clashes the world has ever seen , experts say .
a huge blast rocked srinagar , the summer capital of the strife-torn northern indian state of kashmir , early monday , damaging a dozen homes but causing no casualties , police said .
israeli president ezer weizman began a visit here monday aimed at warming relations with egypt , although the official media gave his trip none of the fanfare usually reserved for foreign heads of state .
german engines are to power rolls-royce cars , a statement by the owners of rolls and bentley , once symbols of british power and prestige , said on monday .
english-born batting prodigy andrew symonds made a debut first class century here monday for queensland against the england tourists .
the lira fell to a record low of #,###.## to the mark here monday in response to a political crisis in italy which might end in the resignation of the government led by silvio berlusconi , dealers said .
damascus has postponed a meeting in washington between generals from syria and israel which was due to start early this week , israeli army radio reported .
zambian president fredrick chiluba , incensed by reports alleging he had an extra-marital affair with his personal secretary , has accused a major independent newspaper here of campaigning to bring down his government .
the german car company bmw is to supply engines for new rolls-royce and bentley cars , the owners of the british company announced on monday .
share prices rose sharply in early trading on monday after the conglomerate trafalgar house bid #.# billion pounds -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- for northern electric , raising hopes of further bids in the sector , dealers said .
a meeting between the european union and turkey , due to agree the establishment of a customs union , was expected to go ahead on monday evening but was unlikely to reach agreement because of greek opposition , eu officials said .
bahraini authorities imposed tight security in the capital manama on monday as gulf leaders gathered for a summit after clashes which left at least seven people dead , witnesses and opposition groups said .
military chiefs and officials of the ## countries involved in un and nato operations in bosnia met here monday for talks aimed at bolstering un effectiveness in the former yugoslav republic .
jean videnov , the young socialist leader who led his party to victory in general elections , is the former communists ' answer to pursuing market reforms -- but with a human face .
authorities in the southern chinese city of shenzhen closed down ## entertainment venues last week during a four-day check on fire prevention standards , the china news service -lrb- cns -rrb- reported monday .
temperatures <unk> freezing killed seven people and put ## others in hospital , all of them drunk , during the weekend in moscow , city health authorities said monday .
<unk> have died from bubonic plague and ### have been infected since the disease broke out in zimbabwe in october , according to health minister timothy stamps .
one of israel 's chief rabbis has authorised ultra-orthodox jews to listen to hits by a transsexual singer .
the indian government , seeking to refute charges of official corruption , denied monday that a fortune in cash , gold and jewelry had been found in the home of a state governor who died in a airplane crash .
french rugby union coach pierre berbizier threw cold water here on monday on claims that france 's top stars would flood to join jacques fouroux 's breakaway league .
the lira sank to a new all-time low against the mark early monday in reaction to the worsening political crisis in italy where premier silvio berlusconi 's shaky coalition government could collapse this week , dealers said .
champion leg-spin bowler shane warne brushed up his act for the second ashes test in melbourne this weekend with a match-winning performance for victoria against western australia here monday .
burmese troops and dissident students battled each other monday in the country 's east as about #,### ethnic karen fighters converged on the area to reinforce the insurgents , a student source said .
president nelson mandela 's african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- mulled ticklish civil service reforms at closed-door talks on monday , the third of a four-day conference to thrash out how to improve the lot of the country 's black majority .
the us central intelligence agency is deeply worried that a terrorist might seize or manufacture arms of mass destruction , its director said in a television interview .
bahraini authorities imposed tight security on monday as gulf leaders gathered for a summit following clashes which the opposition said left nine people dead .
eu fisheries ministers were set for a marathon haggling session this week as they began crucial talks monday on spanish fishing rights that threaten to delay austria , finland and sweden 's scheduled entry into the union .
the european commission has opened an investigation into seven steel manufacturers suspected of operating a cartel in the heavy duty steel tubes market , a commission source said monday .
an accord on the creation of a customs union between the european union and turkey was blocked on monday amid mounting concern about the human rights record of the ankara regime .
india may revise its ambitious tea production target of one billion kilogrammes -lrb- #.# billion pounds -rrb- by #### , following the loss of traditional markets and a decline in domestic demand .
some ## croatian school children , aged ## , stoned and insulted their teacher because her father was a serb , the independent weekly feral tribune reported here monday .
toyota corp. , the biggest japanese <unk> , is likely to increase pre-tax estimated profits in the six months to december by ## percent , company chairman <unk> toyoda said on monday , jiji press reported .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi seemed headed for political defeat monday as politicians feverishly calculated the likely outcome of crucial confidence votes due to be held later in the week .
an upturn in canada 's recession-weary economy lifted hongkong bank of canada 's net income by ##.# percent in the year ended october ## , parent hsbc holdings plc said monday .
sri lankan doctors have removed an embryo from a young man , who had been frequently seeking treatment for stomach ache , press reports said monday .
british prime minister john major and his irish counterpart john bruton will hold informal talks on northern ireland here late tuesday , only five days after bruton assumed the premiership , officials announced monday .
egyptian security forces foiled a bid by islamic militants to kill president hosni mubarak when they rounded up suspects accused of involvement in an attack on author naguib mahfouz , judicial officials said here monday .
the unwed daughter of former president corazon aquino , kris aquino , ## , and her live-in lover , movie star philip salvador , ## , declared their love for each other in a television show aired here monday .
bulgaria 's former communists face an uphill task as they prepare to form a broad-based government to tackle the country 's crippling economic and social problems following their general election victory .
a program aimed at rehabilitating prisoners led ### inmates , including ## foreigners and three chinese hijackers , to convert to buddhism here , a chief warden said monday .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi has reached `` the end of the line , '' his coalition partner and now all-out political rival umberto bossi said in a letter out monday .
russian ministers and security council members called for intensifying `` steps towards liquidating '' separatist rebels in the russian caucasus republic of chechnya on monday , itar-tass reported .
engines from germany 's bayerische motoren werke ag -lrb- bmw -rrb- are to power rolls-royce cars , vickers , the owners of the british company , announced on monday .
a woman managed to pose for ## years as a village sheikh who performed miracles before being unmasked and arrested , the government daily al - <unk> reported monday .
un troops in bosnia hope a recent thaw in their relations with bosnian serbs would have come about even if former us president jimmy carter had not decided to visit serb leaders , a un protection force -lrb- unprofor -rrb- spokesman said monday .
the london stock market started the new trading off with a substantial gain in the first half of the monday session , as the footsie index advanced by ## points or #.# percent to stand at #,###.# points in the early afternoon as trading continued .
military chiefs and officials gathered here monday to try to agree a new get-tough policy for un and nato operations in the former yugoslavia .
itt corporation said monday it wants to expand its lodging and entertainment businesses with the acquisition of casino giant caesars world incorporated for #.# billion dollars .
an israeli soldier was killed and several wounded monday in fighting with guerrillas in southern lebanon , security officials said .
the huge russian force massed in chechnya to end the rebel republic 's secessionist bid comprises an estimated ##,### men and ### armored vehicles , plus helicopter gunships and fighter planes .
leaders from the six gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- states were opening a summit here later monday that would focus on security and border disputes .
police issued arrest warrants monday for the mayor of the coastal resort city of pattaya and two other men on corruption charges over a land deal , a senior police official said .
british foreign secretary douglas hurd is due to meet his spanish counterpart javier solana in london early this week to discuss tough controls imposed by spain at its border with gibraltar .
the dollar edged up slightly against other major currencies except the yen here early monday in a quiet market awaiting tuesday 's meeting of the federal reserve policy-setting open market committee .
a former mayor , arrested on suspicion of taking a bribe , died at a hospital here monday after hanging himself at the tokyo detention house , news reports said .
yelena bonner , the widow of nobel peace prize winner andrei sakharov , monday warned russian president boris yeltsin he might soon have to deploy as many soldiers in moscow as in chechnya because of growing popular discontent with military intervention .
two people were killed and more than ## others injured when their tour bus plummeted into a thai mountain ravine during an official trip , a police official said monday .
the polish currency will become partially convertible as of january # , international monetary fund chief michel camdessus announced in warsaw on monday along with polish deputy premier for the economy and finance grzegorz kolodko .
turkish state prosecutors called on the state security court monday to jail five human rights campaigners charged with spreading pro-kurdish propaganda for from six months to five years .
the paris bourse made a modest gain on monday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , up #.## percent by comparison with the friday close .
scoreboard from the mandela trophy one-day international between pakistan and new zealand here monday .
leaders from the six gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- states opened a summit amid tight security monday .
president bill clinton 's adviser on national security , anthony lake , said here monday that the united states is working on plans to help southern african states threatened by drought this season .
israeli president ezer weizman on monday visited the tomb of former egyptian president and friend anwar sadat , the first arab leader to have made peace with the jewish state .
pakistan , buoyed up by four wickets that included a hat-trick by paceman waqar younis , skittled new zealand out for ### runs in their mandela trophy one-day international here monday .
two israeli soldiers were killed and at least three wounded in guerrilla attacks in southern lebanon on monday , security officials said .
yugoslav coach slobodan santrac announced a ##-strong squad here on monday for a short south american tour over the christmas period .
the london stock market notched up a moderate gain on monday as the footsie index finished at #,###.# points , up ##.# points or #.# percent from the friday close .
canadian provincial and territorial governments are enjoying higher gains in revenue than in expenditures , a federal government report said monday .
south african mining house gencor and british-based mining group lonrho said monday they were setting up a joint company to develop gold mines in the former soviet union .
eu foreign ministers reached agreement on ratifying the uruguay round accord on world trade monday but delayed a formal decision until thursday at france 's request , eu officials said .
government troops and dissident students battled each other monday in eastern burma as about #,### ethnic karen fighters converged on the area to reinforce the insurgents , a student source said .
a government report released late monday said a car accident in which former indian president zail singh was seriously injured in the northern state of punjab was not an assassination attempt by sikh militants .
the white house distanced itself monday from former us president jimmy carter who on a private mediating mission to bosnia told bosnian serbs the us public had heard `` primarily one side of the story .
spanish police said monday they had arrested ## members of the armed basque separatist movement eta in the northern spanish province of navarra , as they were preparing a series of attacks .
rock legend bruce springsteen has won monday a battle to stop an independent british record company releasing a cd containing tracks dating from #### , after claiming the songs were `` of poor quality .
the european union called monday for a halt to the `` military escalation '' in chechnya , german foreign minister klaus kinkel said here .
at least ## people , including ## paramilitary troops , died in the northeastern state of manipur on monday after tribal rebels ambushed a patrol , the press trust of india said .
the monarchs of the six-nation gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- opened a summit here on monday amid tight security and a call for more solidarity between the oil-rich arab states of the region .
the trial on fraud charges of the former president of banesto bank , mario conde , got under way in madrid on monday before judge manuel garcia castellon of the national audience , the court that hears cases of national interest .
israeli foreign minister shimon peres expressed pessimism monday over the likelihood of success in negotiations with syria .
canada 's broadcasting regulatory agency said monday it had approved rogers communications ' #.#-billion-dollar -lrb- #.# billion us -rrb- takeover of publishing giant maclean hunter .
the german government will decide tuesday to what extent it will put its forces , including <unk> fighter-bombers , at the disposal of nato operations in bosnia , a government spokesman said monday .
french prime minister edouard balladur pledged on monday that he would continue to ensure monetary stability and `` a solid franc '' .
canada 's broadcasting regulatory agency said monday it had approved rogers communications ' #.#-billion-dollar -lrb- #.# billion us -rrb- takeover of publishing giant maclean hunter .
armoured vehicles and special forces were deployed in bahrain where the six-nation gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- began a summit on monday after a week of shiite moslem protests .
president bill clinton said monday us officials have been putting every effort into recovering a us airman and the remains of his copilot whose helicopter went down in north korea .
the hard-pressed lira tumbled to a new record low against the german mark monday afternoon on the london foreign exchange market , while the dollar and sterling were little changed .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi seemed monday headed for political defeat as his supporters and rivals lobbied feverishly behind the scenes ahead of crucial confidence votes due to be held later in the week .
russian warplanes dropped four bombs monday evening on the chechen capital , flying low over the center of grozny , correspondents reported .
hristo stoichkov was voted #### european footballer of the year on monday , in recognition of the powerful striker 's contribution to club and country , barcelona and bulgaria .
the dollar was mixed in quiet trading at midday monday ahead of tuesday 's meeting of the federal reserve 's policy-making open market committee .
the president of the international committee of the red cross urged monday the creation of an international `` human rights '' police force to protect civilians in areas devastated by war and anarchy .
leading european stock markets made modest progress on monday , as stock prices rose #.# percent on electricity companies ' gains , while indices rose by #.## percent on the paris bourse and #.## percent in frankfurt .
two israeli soldiers were killed and at least three wounded in guerrilla attacks in south lebanon on monday , triggering a warning that the jewish state would strike back , security officials said .
britain on monday dissented from a ruling by the european commission on human rights which could mean shorter prison sentences for two boys who murdered a toddler in a killing that horrified the nation .
france is to propose a `` convention '' on key social issues , to be signed by all eu member states , during its forthcoming eu presidency , prime minister edouard balladur said monday .
sweden 's budget deficit for ####-#### will be ## billion kronor -lrb- #.# billion kronor -rrb- less than predicted in october , according to a projection by the swedish national audit board presented monday .
embattled premier silvio berlusconi 's controversial budget for #### sailed through the italian senate here monday .
germany 's maurizio gaudino , who faces up to ## years in jail after admitting his part in a stolen car racket , has been loaned by eintracht frankfurt to manchester city , the german club said monday .
a buddhist monk and writer from thailand has been awarded the #### unesco prize for education for peace , the un organization announced monday .
japanese firm mugen-honda will be supplying ligier for the next two world championships , the french formula one team announced on monday .
president bill clinton said monday us officials have been putting every effort into recovering a us airman and the remains of his copilot whose helicopter went down in north korea .
russian warplanes injured at least three people and completely destroyed four houses monday when they bombed the center of grozny , capital of breakaway chechnya , an afp correspondent said .
kuwait 's appeal court will give its verdict in february on nine people convicted of plotting to murder former us president george bush , the court said monday .
france reminded iraq of the need for it to respect un disarmament requirements imposed on it after the gulf war , during a visit by an iraqi official to paris last week , a government spokesman said monday .
president nelson mandela was monday re-elected unopposed as leader of south africa 's ruling party , the african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- .
embattled premier silvio berlusconi 's controversial budget for #### sailed through the italian senate here monday .
the white house on monday dismissed the shooting at the executive mansion over the weekend as a symptom of the violence besieging the country .
norway 's olympic speed skating hero johann olav koss has been made a unicef special representative for sport , the united nations announced on monday .
bosnian president alija izetbegovic gave a brusque rejoinder to former us president jimmy carter monday for saying that the americans had heard only the bosnian side of the bosnian war , insisting that nothing could alter the fact that the serbs were `` the aggressors .
the european union called monday on turkey to take immediate steps to release eight parliamentarians jailed earlier this month on charges of supporting kurdish separatism .
pakistan strolled to a five wicket win over new zealand in their mandela trophy one-day international here monday , in a match that featured a hat-trick by pakistani paceman waqar younis .
parties of italy 's opposition and ruling coalition presented three separate censure motions to lawmakers here monday against the government of prime minister silvio berlusconi , the parties announced .
bosnian serb leadership agreed monday to start talks on cessation of hostilities between bosnia 's warring factions , following talks with former us president jimmy carter , according to bosnian serb television monitored here .
parties of italy 's opposition and ruling coalition presented three separate censure motions to lawmakers here monday against the government of prime minister silvio berlusconi , the parties announced .
computer disks containing `` sensitive '' information about israel 's political leaders and security service officials are on sale to the public for up to #,### dollars , israeli television said monday .
george graham 's hopes of keeping his job as arsenal manager increased here on monday when he received the unanimous support of the highbury board , following allegations that he accepted an illegal payment from the transfer of john jensen .
two israeli soldiers were killed and at least three wounded in guerrilla attacks in south lebanon on monday , security officials said , triggering a warning that the jewish state would strike back .
an air force pilot will be court-martialed for his role in the shootdown of two us helicopters over iraq that killed ## people in april , officials said monday .
bosnian serbs offered monday an immediate four month ceasefire and talks towards a cessation of hostilities in a package that would lead to peace negotiations on the basis of the contact group plan , former us president jimmy carter said .
real madrid 's danish international midfielder michael laudrup has torn a muscle in his left foot and will be out of action for three weeks , the spanish league leaders said monday night .
the united states has raised concerns with russia over the safety of journalists covering the fighting in the breakaway russian republic of chechnya , state department spokesman michael mccurry said monday .
the judge in the double-murder case of football legend o.j. simpson decided monday to hold a separate hearing on dna evidence in a move that was to delay the opening of the trial .
former us president jimmy carter said he would recommend a lifting of un sanctions imposed on the bosnian serbs if they fulfilled their pledges on offering a ceasefire and fresh peace talks with the bosnian government .
president bill clinton put a police chief in command monday of sending ###,### more officers to the streets as part of the sweeping crime bill he pushed through congress this year .
the united states signed monday two cooperation agreements worth about ##.# million dollars with haiti to provide debt relief and protect the environment .
snooker star alex higgins was once again found guilty by the sport 's governing body of breaching its disciplinary code here on monday after a backstage incident at the world championships in april .
blue-chip shares on wall street closed lower monday in quiet trading .
the dollar was narrowly mixed in quiet trading at midday monday ahead of tuesday 's meeting of the federal reserve 's policy-making open market committee .
liberian warlord charles taylor arrived in the ghanaian capital accra late monday to attend resumed peace talks to end the five-year-old civil war , state radio here announced .
matthew le tissier left aston villa in despair here on monday with a brilliant free-kick in injury-time that gave southampton an ill - deserved #-# premiership victory .
the white house distanced itself monday from remarks by former us president jimmy carter , who on a private mediating mission to bosnia told bosnian serbs the us public had heard `` primarily one side of the story .
russian warplanes early tuesday again attacked the chechen capital grozny , firing missiles that struck a cinema and park and damaged gas and power lines , the interfax news agency reported .
the dollar opened at ###.## yen in tokyo on tuesday , down #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic called monday for new peace talks on bosnia but stressed his plan for a ceasefire was not a unilateral offer and was tied to a host of other conditions .
the world bank said monday its newly-created inspection panel had called for a review of plans for funding a massive water project in nepal because of concerns over its costs and social and environmental impact .
share prices opened slightly lower on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday , with the nikkei stock average falling ##.## points or #.# percent to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
new york authorities launched monday their second christmas `` toys for guns '' drive , hoping to curb the number of guns on the streets of the us metropolis during the holiday season .
a labor mp on monday attacked britain and spain over their handling of gibraltar and called for a house of commons statement , amid increased tensions as ministers meet for talks on the territory 's future .
a us satellite has confirmed that man-made chemicals have caused the ozone hole over the south pole , scientists said monday .
the chechen parliament has appealed to the people of the northern caucasus to form a human chain on tuesday to block one of southern russia 's principal highways in protest at moscow 's armed intervention in chechnya , the itar-tass news agency reported .
south korea has given the go-ahead to a local refining company to supply the first shipment of oil to north korea under the washington - pyongyang nuclear accord , a company spokesman said tuesday .
edward debartolo , a real estate mogul who made a fortune from the sprouting suburban shopping malls of america , died monday from complications from pneumonia , his company said .
china on tuesday officially announced competition bans ranging from six months to four years on ## athletes who tested positive at the hiroshima asian games in october .
european union fishing ministers early tuesday reached agreement on figures for total fish catch and country quotas in #### but continued to debate the integration of spain and portugal into the eu common fisheries policy , diplomatic sources reported .
japan 's sumitomo metal industries ltd. on tuesday announced an agreement with us steelmaker ltv corp. and british steel plc to invest #.# million dollars in a new steel sheet plant in the united states .
police and army officers from lebanon and the united states are to set up a committee to evaluate whether it is safe for americans to return to lebanon , officials said monday .
the ukrainian parliament on tuesday called on russia 's legislature to do everything in its power to `` stop the bloodbath '' in chechnya , interfax news agency reported .
a senior chinese official said tuesday that the government would `` blaze new trails '' in economic reform in #### , with attention being focused on transforming the loss-making state sector , the xinhua news agency said .
canada 's merchandise trade surplus grew in october to #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion us -rrb- from september 's figure of #.# billion dollars -lrb- one billion us -rrb- , the government reported tuesday .
the us trade deficit soared to ##.## billion dollars in october , following a revised september gap of #.## billion dollars , the commerce department said tuesday .
film director roman polanski is suing french weekly paris match for some ##,### dollars over alleged invasion of privacy in its latest issue , which includes a photo spread on him and his wife .
croatian railway workers who began a strike on december # tightened their grip on tuesday , bringing traffic to a halt , the railway company said .
lone star airlines of the united states has ordered four dornier ### regional transport aircraft and has taken an option on four others , deutsche aerospace -lrb- dasa -rrb- said on tuesday .
the saudi development fund -lrb- sdf -rrb- plans to extend a loan of ### million dollars to dhaka for work on infrastructure and other facilities damaged by storms in the last year , a bangladeshi minister said here .
french communist chief robert hue on tuesday became the second presidential candidate to call for a national referendum on further european union -lrb- eu -rrb- integration .
the osaka district public prosecutor 's office indicted ## people tuesday on suspicion of insider trading in stocks , news reports said .
gunshots were fired around the white house on tuesday , the second time gunfire erupted at the presidential mansion in three days , eyewitnesses reported .
israeli president ezer weizman called tuesday for closer ties with egypt and other arab countries , and said peace with syria was the biggest problem facing the middle east .
a us park policeman shot a man in front of the white house on tuesday , the third time violence had erupted around the presidential mansion in less than two months , eyewitnesses said .
more than ### rwandan refugees have been escorted back home in recent days by un aid workers , a spokeswoman for the un high commissioner for refugees said in geneva tuesday .
britain and spain sought tuesday to defuse the dispute that has erupted over the british colony of gibraltar , but there was little optimism in london that any real progress would be made .
intel corporation , the world 's largest semiconductor maker , said tuesday it will replace all flawed pentium chips on demand .
former us president jimmy carter announced tuesday he had secured serb agreement for a complete ceasefire throughout bosnia-hercegovina beginning on december ## .
swedish tennis hero stefan edberg has announced that his long and highly successful coaching partnership with tony pickard has come to an end .
aston villa manager brian little is set to sign midfielder ian taylor from english premiership rivals sheffield wednesday .
wolves manager graham taylor has offered feyernoord 's former dutch under-## international rob maas a brief trial during the break in the dutch season .
crucial talks on spain and portugal 's integration into the european union 's common fisheries policy were suspended here on tuesday until thursday , diplomats said .
russia gave a polite but cool reception tuesday to former us president jimmy carter 's peace mission in bosnia-hercegovina and urged the implementation of an existing international plan .
the small <unk> car for city use is to be built in france and not in germany , daimler-benz announced tuesday despite german political and trade union pressure .
a government source on tuesday denied reports that two people had died in clashes between security forces and shiite moslem demonstrators in the village of <unk> , west of manama .
the dow fell back slightly early tuesday in light trading as the holidays approach .
israel warned tuesday it could exact revenge on shiite moslem villages in south lebanon for guerrilla attacks in which two of its soldiers were killed .
nottingham forest skipper stuart pearce is to apologise to his england colleague paul ince following accusations by manchester united manager alex ferguson that pearce had been racially abusive during saturday 's game .
shiite moslem demonstrators clashed with bahraini security forces in manama on tuesday where machine-gun fire was heard in a resurgence of violence which has left up to nine people dead , witnesses said .
bosnian prime minister haris silajdzic on tuesday accepted , for the first time , that secessionist bosnian serbs might be able to establish `` special links '' with serbia proper if they recognized bosnia within its borders .
the european union and turkey are expected to agree next year to set up a customs union , turkish sources said tuesday , after a decision was blocked monday amid concerns about ankara 's human rights record .
the dollar dropped slightly tuesday against major currencies except the japanese yen , with trading calm before the coming holidays .
bouygues offshore has won a contract worth ### million french francs -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- through its subsidiary <unk> scotland to build a drilling platform for the captain gas field in the north sea , the company said on tuesday .
former us president jimmy carter announced tuesday he had secured serb agreement for a countrywide truce beginning friday , permitting talks to open on an overall cessation of hostilities .
cambodia 's environment minister admitted tuesday that elements within the military had bought timber from the khmer rouge but still blamed the guerrillas for many of the country 's environment problems .
the frankfurt stock market chalked up a small gain on tuesday in dull trading as the dax index finished the day at #,###.## points , up #.## percent by comparison with the monday close .
the karachi stock exchange -lrb- kse -rrb- ###-index plummeted by ##.## points tuesday under the pressure of continuing violence in the city , dealers said .
the paris bourse suffered a small loss on tuesday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , down #.## percent from the monday close .
the motorway linking zagreb to belgrade , closed since war broke out following croatia 's #### independence declaration , is to reopen wednesday , a top un official said tuesday .
czech authorities on tuesday announced that a <unk> haul of a radioactive substance seized in the czech republic last week -- probably coming from the ex-soviet union -- was highly-enriched uranium ### suitable for bomb-making .
doctors have found three dead foetuses in the body of a four-month-old baby boy , a saudi daily said tuesday .
the tokyo stock exchange is to ease conditions for foreign companies seeking a listing in tokyo , tse officials said tuesday .
italian alberto tomba got a late birthday present on tuesday , when the flamboyant italian defied a broken rib and an overnight party to win the world cup slalom here .
china has failed in its efforts to rejoin the general agreement on tariffs and trade -lrb- gatt -rrb- before the end of this year , chinese delegation head long yongtu said in geneva on tuesday .
irish police have questioned a man about an apparent bid to extort money from england soccer boss terry venables , it was revealed here on tuesday .
former australian captain kim hughes has demanded an inquiry into western australian cricket after the side 's worst start to a season in ## years .
nottingham forest star stan collymore pledged his international future to england here on tuesday , amid claims that jack charlton is trying to recruit him for the republic of ireland .
a bahraini opposition leader on tuesday called on his countrymen to revolt to restore democracy in the gulf state amid reports of a resurgence of the violence which has left up to nine dead .
palestinian chief negotiator nabil shaath on tuesday charged israel with refusing to hand over the bodies of two hamas militants , killed during anti-israeli operations more than two months ago .
the health of the netherlands ' ailing prince bernhard improved slightly tuesday , but doctors warned against over-optimism , the dutch royal information service said .
chiefs of liberia 's warring factions and civilian leaders held a joint meeting with peace brokers tuesday in resumed negotiations talks in the ghanaian capital .
dutch general johannes <unk> has been appointed to head the un force deployed at the israeli-syrian border , according to un documents released tuesday .
russia on tuesday announced it was closing its borders with georgia and azerbaijan from midnight in response to the military crisis in the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya .
current gatt director-general peter sutherland will lead the new world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- `` for two or three months '' , gatt official andras <unk> announced in geneva on tuesday .
four people were killed tuesday as unrest here continued , three of them by security forces , police said .
the milan stock market advanced firmly on tuesday as foreign investors reappeared on the market despite continuing worries about the italian political situation , traders said .
about one-quarter of all ira prisoners held in ireland could be freed before christmas , sources in dublin said tuesday , in a move likely to dominate the first meeting between john major and his new irish counterpart .
shiite moslem demonstrators clashed with bahraini security forces in manama on tuesday where machine-gun fire was heard and hundreds of students protested violence which has left up to nine people dead , witnesses said .
norway 's princess maertha louise can not be called to testify in a british divorce case where the wife accuses her husband of adultery with the royal daughter , the office of the norwegian attorney general said tuesday .
a row has erupted over the display in the city 's main cathedral of a painting by an american aids sufferer depicting jesus christ stricken with the deadly disease .
the british government brought seasonal good news to millions of children tuesday when it announced that it was lifting restrictions on the sale of newts , toads and frogs .
international pharmaceutical giant merck company announced tuesday the sale of its <unk> subsidiary to monsanto company for #.### billion dollars .
the italian chamber of deputies tuesday adopted embattled premier silvio berlusconi 's watered-down budget for #### .
china has failed in its bid to rejoin the general agreement on tariffs and trade this year , chinese delegation head long yongtu said in geneva on tuesday .
the dollar followed a slight downward trend during early afternoon trading tuesday against major currencies except the japanese yen , with trading calm before the coming holidays .
russia announced it was closing its borders with georgia and azerbaijan from midnight tuesday to ensure its security during the military crisis in the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya .
ivan lendl , one of the most successful tennis players of all time , announced the end of his career on tuesday , after a long-running struggle against a back problem .
french ski officials breathed a sigh of relief tuesday after snow finally fell in the french alps and pyrenees , where hotel and restaurant owners have for weeks been waiting for snow to start off the ski season .
french foreign minister alain juppe is to hold talks with political leaders in britain on wednesday and germany on thursday on france 's priorities for its forthcoming eu presidency , officials said .
celtic are aiming to raise almost ## million pounds through a share issue that will also provide their supporters with a chance of buying a stake in the club , it was revealed here on tuesday .
israel and the plo must speed up the peace process and spread palestinian self-rule across all the occupied territories to end violence in the region , the catholic patriarch of jerusalem said tuesday .
the lira plummeted to an all-time record low against the german mark on the london foreign exchange market on tuesday , for the second straight day , while the dollar and sterling were little changed .
the indian government has rejected demands to evict foreign banks in a revised official report unveiled tuesday on a #.# billion dollar securities fraud , largely blamed on a systems failure .
several people were killed tuesday in the burundian capital in renewed clashes between rival ethnic hutu and tutsi youths , following sunday 's murder of about ## people , witnesses said .
anti-gay violence in the united states has claimed the lives of at least ### gays and lesbians in the past three years , a study released here tuesday said .
billions of dollars in us aid to egypt is not given for free but in return for cairo 's efforts to bring about peace in the middle east , a senior official said here tuesday .
abbe pierre , the high-profile leader of a campaign for french homeless people , on tuesday attacked paris mayor and presidential hopeful jacques chirac , saying he was unfit to govern france .
britain on tuesday reaffirmed that its sovereignty over gibraltar was not open to negotiation in spite of claims by madrid that it belongs to spain .
unions representing airline and ground staff have called for strike action at orly airport south of paris over the christmas period , officials said tuesday .
nearly #,### anti-semitic acts were recorded by the german authorities in the first nine months of the year , the government said tuesday in a parliamentary reply to the party of democratic socialism -lrb- pds -rrb- .
the french senate , in the wake of the national assembly , on tuesday approved the trade agreements reached during the uruguay round , which were approved on monday by european union foreign ministers meeting in brussels .
irish police on tuesday discovered a suspected ira cache of home-made mortars , mortar launchers and explosives in an area of marshland outside <unk> close to the border with northern ireland , police said .
a nigeria airways boeing ### cargo plane has crashed near <unk> town in the extreme northeast of nigeria , the state-run news agency of nigeria -lrb- nan -rrb- said tuesday .
jordan on tuesday called for an immediate end to fighting in the breakaway republic of chechnya and talks to find a peaceful solution to the conflict there .
sinn fein leader gerry adams is to travel to paris on wednesday for a ##-hour private visit to publicize the french version of his #### book cage eleven , his french publishers said tuesday .
a young french un soldier has been given a ##-day suspended jail sentence for confiding in a bosnian serb soldier when he was depressed , in breach of un rules , court officials said tuesday .
israel on tuesday blasted what it called a scare-mongering campaign in the united states against sending any american troops to the golan heights , saying it would provoke `` unnecessary panic .
germany will send military support including tornado fighter planes to provide cover for a withdrawal of un troops from the former yugoslavia if the need arises , government sources said tuesday .
bosnian president alija izetbegovic warned tuesday after former us president jimmy carter 's announcement of a ceasefire agreement that peace remained a distant prospect .
microsoft corporation , the world 's leading computer software maker , said tuesday that it will delay release of its windows ## software to allow for further testing .
a federal judge tuesday dismissed florida 's bid to force the us government to pick up a #.#-billion-dollar tab for state illegal immigration expenses .
prime minister benazir bhutto on tuesday appointed nabi dad khan , deputy secretary general of the ruling pakistan people 's party , as her new law minister , officials said .
courts operating under islamic sharia law have been set up in a fundamentalist stronghold in northern pakistan , the country 's state - run television reported tuesday .
ivan lendl , one of the most successful tennis players of all time , announced the end of his career on tuesday , after a long-running struggle against a back problem .
prime minister benazir bhutto on tuesday appointed nabi dad khan , deputy secretary general of the ruling pakistan people 's party , as her new law minister , officials said .
two home-made rockets exploded in bihac town tuesday , un protection force -lrb- unprofor -rrb- spokesman major koos sol said here .
the federal reserve 's policy-setting open market committee adjourned tuesday without announcing any increase in interest rates .
a man was arrested and two others questioned by swedish police tuesday in connection with a mass shooting outside a stockholm nightclub that left four dead and ## injured , police said .
us former president jimmy carter arrived here late tuesday for talks with serbian president slobodan milosevic on the last leg of his mediation mission on the bosnian crisis .
the federal reserve 's <unk> decided tuesday to leave interest rates unchanged at a meeting here but analysts said the decision amounted to a mere postponement until the next meeting in january .
african national congress constitutional experts tuesday came down unanimously in favor of ditching the power-sharing arrangement that has guaranteed white-minority representation in government .
a ##-year-old woman has completed her four years of training in the swedish air force to become her country 's first female fighter pilot , the air force announced tuesday .
the finnish parliament on tuesday unanimously ratified the general agreement on tariffs and trade -lrb- gatt -rrb- on world trade liberalisation .
a palestinian sewed together his lips in a five-day protest against an order to expel him from egypt , the daily al-ahram said in its edition to be published wednesday .
the federal reserve 's <unk> decided tuesday to leave interest rates unchanged at a meeting here but analysts said the decision amounted to a mere postponement until the next meeting in january .
macedonia 's parliament tuesday ratified the new centre-left coalition government of prime minister branko crvenkovski , mandated by president kiro gligorov after october general elections .
the swedish government decided tuesday to ban the possession and breeding of most pit bull terriers , as sweden 's impending eu membership will render its current import ban on the breed invalid .
the some #,### us troops who are to protect un peacekeepers withdrawing from somalia will not be deployed before march , the pentagon said tuesday .
the dollar drifted in a narrow range tuesday in quiet pre-holiday trading after the federal reserve left key interest rates unchanged .
blue-chip stocks dipped tuesday in calm trading marked by technical corrections that were prompted by last week 's gains .
a coroner tuesday criticised safety procedures at the french ski resort of val d'isere at an inquest on three of five british doctors swept to their deaths by an avalanche in january this year .
police confronting a wall of silence in port vila have offered a reward of fifty thousand <unk> -lrb- ### us dollars -rrb- for information in the murder of italian builder franco <unk> , an official said wednesday .
quebec engineering firm snc-lavalin announced tuesday that it had won a ##-million-dollar contract from the government of kenya to build an airport outside the capital .
president bill clinton awarded an honorary medal tuesday to the general who lead the us military operation in haiti , saying that his work helped restore democracy and freedom to the caribbean country .
us secretary of state warren christopher said tuesday he expects to meet russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev next month in an effort to ease tensions between the two countries over nato expansion and other matters .
the european commission granted haiti #.# million dollars on tuesday to help rebuild the streets of the cite soleil slums and carrefour <unk> suburb here .
serbian president slobodan milosevic discussed the conflict in bosnia tuesday night with former us president jimmy carter who said earlier he had won a pledge from bosnian serbs for a four-month ceasefire starting december ## .
us vice president al gore does not plan to go to china despite a recent invitation from beijing , a state department official said tuesday .
iran said tuesday it would seek from the coming nuclear non - proliferation treaty -lrb- npt -rrb- conference , guarantees of <unk> by nuclear states , and a timetable for a complete nuclear disarmament .
london merchant bank barings has made a #.# billion pounds -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- offer to buy the st martins property group , the leading property business owned by the kuwaiti government , said wednesday 's financial times .
the dollar opened higher at ###.## yen in tokyo on wednesday , up #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen .
share prices opened lower on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average falling ##.## points or #.# percent to ##,### .## in the first ## minutes of trading .
the world bank announced tuesday a ##.# million dollar loan to lebanon to help fund improvements in health care .
talks next month between president bill clinton and japanese prime minister tomiichi murayama will reaffirm strong ties between the two countries and cover topics including trade and peacekeeping , a us official said tuesday .
the united states issued a travel advisory for flights over afghanistan tuesday and warned that the ongoing hostilities there would prevent search and rescue operations for crash victims .
an election council was formed tuesday , clearing the way for new municipal and local elections in haiti next year .
cuba launched a new currency tuesday called the `` convertible peso '' which despite its name can not be be exchanged for the standard cuban peso but will circulate like other hard currencies .
a us military reconnaissance plane crashed near osan airbase in south korea wednesday morning , but both pilots ejected and were unhurt , a military spokesman said .
typhoon axel , packing maximum winds of ### kilometers -lrb- ##.# miles -rrb- per hour , wednesday moved towards the central philippine island of samar which it is forecast to hit later in the day , the government weather station reported .
major japanese trading firm mitsubishi corp. has set up a joint venture in shanghai with the chinese ministry of railways to trade and lease railroad equipment , a mitsubishi spokesman said wednesday .
share prices were mixed on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday morning , while the dollar edged up against yen in a tight range due to lack of market-moving factors .
a united states navy observatory in new zealand which peace activists have suspected of involvement in nuclear targeting is to close , its director carl cole said wednesday .
a human rights group expressed concern tuesday about the welfare of algerian activist <unk> <unk> , who has been threatened and intimidated after giving interviews to foreign journalists .
bangladesh 's finance minister saifur rahman has ordered one of the country 's largest commercial bank to submit a list of major loan defaulters within a week , officials here said wednesday .
windless conditions continued to draw out french yachtsman christophe auguin 's arrival time here wednesday as the leader in the second leg of the boc solo world yacht race .
china has signed a ###-million dollar package to import power equipment from two of the largest energy companies in the united states , a report said wednesday .
an oil tanker and a freighter collided and caught fire early wednesday off the portuguese island of madeira , lloyd 's of london announced here .
the nikkei stock average of ###-selected issues on the tokyo stock exchange stood at ##,###.## points at # p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- wednesday , down ##.## points , or #.# percent .
three people were injured early wednesday in an explosion at a cafe in moscow , itar-tass news agency reported quoting local officials .
genting international plc is buying the entire cruise line and half the gaming operations of star cruise group from malaysian gaming magnate lim goh tong for ### million dollars .
australian prime minister paul keating is facing an angry backlash in which a senator has already resigned from the labor party over a minister 's decision to increase <unk> exports from native forests .
a former agent in australia 's secret intelligence organization was given a three-month suspended jail sentence by a magistrate here wednesday for taking restricted documents out of his office .
share prices fell back from a five-session winning streak on the tokyo stock exchange wednesday as investors took profits in the absence of fresh incentives .
india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party , battered by a relentless opposition assault over corruption and a rout in state elections , is desperately seeking ways to turn its political fortunes around .
the dollar closed marginally higher at ###.## yen in tokyo wedneday , up #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen , after moving in a tight range .
cancer-stricken cricket legend tony lock pleaded not guilty here wednesday to four charges of abusing his ##-year-old <unk> .
national basketball association results and standings after tuesday 's games .
former us president jimmy carter stopped off at frankfurt airport wednesday morning after talks in belgrade with serbia president slobodan milosevic , a spokesman at the us military base here said .
moslem-led opposition groups on wednesday offered a present to the christian community by offering to suspend anti-government protests this weekend for four hours .
the financial rand for non-resident investors continued to test its key resistance level , opening wednesday at #.## \/ ## rands to the greenback from tuesday 's close of #.## \/ ## .
the indian parliament adjourned in an uproar wednesday as opposition deputies seized the floor and demanded that prime minister p.v. narasimha rao sack ministers accused of corruption .
hong kong 's stock market expects to start options trading in eight months ' time as it steps up its competition with rival bourses around the world , its top executives said wednesday .
australian prime minister paul keating has triggered the resignation of a senator from the governing labor party , and an angry backlash from environmental groups , after a minister decided to increase export <unk> from native forests .
the sri lankan cricket authorities admitted wednesday that negotiations are underway to secure allan border or ian botham as national team manager .
a meeting of personal creditors of failed australian entrepreneur alan bond was adjourned for a month on wednesday after bond had increased his settlement offer .
a senior south african policeman was suspended tuesday after issuing contradictory statements over a suspected serial killer 's death in police custody , acting regional commissioner simon <unk> said .
suicides in vietnam have claimed an average of #,### lives in each of the past three years , and the phenomenon now causes more deaths than murder , according to official figures published wednesday .
north korea on wednesday touted its military 's unswerving loyalty to kim jong-il , son of the late president kim il-sung , ahead of the third anniversary of his becoming their supreme commander .
plo chief yasser arafat and israeli foreign minister shimon peres were due to meet wednesday to try to break a deadlock in extending palestinian autonomy on the occupied west bank .
a former adviser to the french president and former head of the french gaming authority , gerard cole , was arrested on tuesday and was to appear before a magistrate on wednesday , judicial officials said .
plo chief yasser arafat 's main fatah faction has won student elections at al-azhar university taking all nine seats on the students union , a daily paper said wednesday .
the new irish prime minister john bruton said wednesday he wanted to amend the clauses in the irish constitution claiming the six counties of ulster , but not do away with them altogether .
china has opened its newly constructed southernmost airport at sanya , on hainan island , to international traffic , it was reported wednesday .
the ruble was unchanged at #,### to the dollar here on wednesday .
the airlift operation into sarajevo resumed successfully after a month 's closure with ## un military and humanitarian relief flights on its first day tuesday , un protection force spokesman gary coward said wednesday .
england must override the warne factor to fight their way back into the ashes series in the second test against australia starting here saturday .
umberto bossi , ## , leader of the federalist northern league and <unk> partner in silvio berlusconi 's coalition government , has finally thrown in his lot with the opposition .
swedish police arrested two men tuesday evening after questioning them in connection with a shooting outside a stockholm nightclub which left four dead and ## injured , police said .
malaysia 's growing soccer match-fixing investigation has crippled the national team while some players will get higher pay as part of official attempts to end sports corruption .
a ##-year-old british tourist died in a hotel here of suspected congo fever , a highly infectious hemorrhagic disease , last weekend , the south african domestic news agency reported wednesday .
france posted a trade surplus of ##.### billion francs -lrb- two billion dollars -rrb- in october , up from a surplus of #.### billion francs on a revised basis in september , seasonally-adjusted customs figures showed on wednesday .
japanese trading firm marubeni corp. has agreed to deliver more than a hundred used subway carriages to the argentine operator of the metro in buenos aires , a spokesman said wednesday .
the bundesbank made available ##.# billion marks -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- to the banking system through a ##-day repurchase arrangement at an unchanged fixed rate of #.## percent on wednesday .
england will use steve rhodes as a specialist wicketkeeper and leave alec stewart to concentrate on his batting in the second test starting here saturday .
the state security court sentenced ## moslem fundamentalists to death on wednesday for terrorist offences including bomb attacks on cinemas .
egypt and israel said wednesday they would seize the `` golden opportunity '' to boost peace in the middle east at the end of the first official visit here by israeli president ezer weizman .
share prices have plummeted on the karachi stock exchange as a wave of violence continues to sweep the city , knocking millions of dollars off small investors ' portfolios , brokers said here on wednesday .
china is to introduce new , high-tech identity cards and passports in a bid to crack down on the growing incidence of <unk> fraud , press reports said wednesday .
the state security court sentenced ## moslem fundamentalists to death on wednesday for terrorist offences including bomb attacks on cinemas which wounded nine people .
austria 's anita wachter led the world cup giant slalom here on wednesday after the first run .
shanghai 's sperm banks , faced with a growing imbalance in withdrawals and deposits , have launched an urgent appeal to the city 's `` elite males '' to top up their dwindling reserves , a report said wednesday .
six former italian secret service -lrb- <unk> -rrb- agents have received sentences of from two to nine years for embezzling ## billion lire -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- of their service 's funds , court officials said wednesday .
president lee teng-hui appealed wednesday to taiwanese politicians to put an end to violence and the influence of money in politics .
a former head of the french national gaming authority was to appear before a magistrate on wednesday after being detained in connection with alleged financial irregularities , judicial officials said .
a top religious organization in iran on wednesday condemned the `` suppression '' of a wave of shiite moslem protests against the leadership in bahrain , the official iranian news agency irna said .
a boeing ### cargo plane crashed into a house near coventry airport in central england as it was preparing to land early wednesday , civil aviation authorities said .
china failure to negotiate its return to the gatt by year 's end will have no effect on the reform and opening of the country 's financial system , a senior central bank official said on wednesday .
thomas sykora ousted italy 's world cup leader alberto tomba from pole position following the first run of wednesday 's slalom here .
plo leader yasser arafat and israeli foreign minister shimon peres began talks here wednesday to break the deadlock over extending palestinian self-rule on the west bank already delayed by six months .
a boeing ### cargo plane owned by the algerian company air algerie crashed into a house near coventry airport in central england as it was preparing to land early wednesday , civil aviation authorities said .
french dockers blocked a convoy of trucks carrying ## tonnes of fish from scotland on wednesday , in a protest over moves which they claim are depriving them of work .
un protection force officials conceded wednesday that some un peacekeepers have been selling fuel to separatist serbs in croatia 's krajina region , but dismissed allegations of other illicit activity by un troops there .
a british trade deficit with non-european union countries fell in november to ### million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- from ### million pounds in october , official provisional figures showed on wednesday .
italian premier silvio berlusconi could resign wednesday following his speech to parliament , without waiting for the result of votes of confidence in his government scheduled for later this week , newspapers suggested here .
a us army reconnaissance aircraft crashed wednesday near its base in central south korea , but the two pilots ejected safely , a military statement said .
a northwest airlines jumbo jet almost lost one engine while landing at tokyo 's narita airport in march because technicians in the united states apparently forgot to bolt one of its mounting pins , a press report said wednesday .
the lira remained close to a record low against the mark in early trading here on wednesday and the french franc and peseta remained under pressure as a consequence , dealers said .
sabina panzanini won her first ever world cup race in the giant slalom here on wednesday in a combined time of #min ##.## sec .
security forces have broken up a new armed fundamentalist group and killed two more militants , interior minister hassan al-alfi said wednesday .
at least two people were killed wednesday when an air algerie boeing ### cargo plane crashed near coventry airport , in central england , civil aviation authorities said .
current gatt director-general peter sutherland will lead the new world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- until march ## , the gatt secretariat announced here wednesday .
a panel of participants in the tokyo foreign exchange market said on wednesday that it had lifted voluntary curbs on trading hours in response to round-the-clock international trading .
sabina panzanini won her first ever world cup race in the giant slalom here on wednesday helped by a bad mistake by austria 's anita wachter .
taiwan is planning to transfer officials between its foreign and economic ministries to step up a campaign to use the island 's economic influence to promote substantive ties with the rest of the world , officials said wednesday .
russian interior minister viktor <unk> backed russia 's troop intervention in chechnya wednesday , saying it was the only way of stopping chechen `` criminals '' .
flooding caused by torrential rain and a rise in the level of the caspian sea hit a major caviar treatment factory in northwestern iran , the official news agency irna reported wednesday .
malaysia 's rubber output rose four percent in october from a month earlier , but total production in the first ## months fell #.# percent against last year , a government agency said wednesday .
alberto tomba won his fourth world cup slalom here on wednesday for his second victory in two days on the same piste .
us congressman bill richardson will cross the korean demilitarized zone thursday with the remains of the us pilot killed in the downing of a us helicopter in north korea , a us embassy official said wednesday .
egyptian security forces have broken up a new armed islamic fundamentalist group , arrested ## suspects and killed two militants in a ##-hour crackdown , interior minister hassan al-alfi said wednesday .
the african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- wednesday endorsed far-reaching policy resolutions aimed at wiping out the last vestiges of apartheid from south african society .
french consumer prices were unchanged in november despite an increase in the price of tobacco at the beginning of the month , final official figures showed on wednesday .
alberto tomba made a remarkable recovery here on wednesday to win by a whisker his fourth slalom this season -- and second in two days .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin delayed his departure for an official visit to india for a day in order to attend his elder brother 's funeral , interfax said wednesday .
iranian authorities have seized ### tonnes of various drugs in the past nine months , an increase of ## percent over the same period last year , the official news agency irna reported wednesday .
italian president oscar luigi scalfaro said wednesday that parliament was the expression of the people 's will , implicitly rebuffing silvio berlusconi 's call for early elections if the embattled premier loses a confidence vote .
the governor of the bank of england eddie george and chancellor of the exchequer kenneth clarke disagreed about pressure for an increase in interest rates at their monthly meeting on november # , the minutes showed on wednesday .
frenchman christophe auguin won the boc round the world solo yacht race second leg from cape town to sydney in record time here wednesday .
cambodia challenged thailand on wednesday to extradite convicted coup plotter sin song , as the two neighbors agreed to set up joint military commissions on the border to deal with problems of crime , smuggling and banditry .
a welsh rugby player was jailed for six months here on wednesday for stamping on an opponent 's head .
a private radio station in ghana has lost a legal bid to go back on the air after it was stopped from broadcasting earlier this month , the accra press reported wednesday .
three indian soldiers were wounded as the country 's last troops in the un peacekeeping force in somalia were involved in a gunbattle at mogadishu airport , a defense ministry spokesman said wednesday .
serbian president slobodan milosevic was to meet wednesday afternoon with representatives of the five-nation `` contact group '' on bosnia , diplomats said here .
china overtook germany as the world 's second biggest beer consumer behind the united states in #### , a brewery report said wednesday .
a unit of russian troops broke through chechen defences to reach the inner suburbs of the breakaway state 's capital , grozny , interfax news agency said wednesday , citing a government statement .
malaysia 's tin production fell ## percent over the year in the nine months to september , aggravated by a ## percent fall in output in september , the statistics department said wednesday .
saudi arabia 's highest religious authority for the first time on wednesday said peace was possible between arabs and israelis as it was not against the teachings of islam .
international red cross officials said wednesday they had asked both sides in the bosnian conflict to move ahead with a prisoner exchange , in line with statements made by jimmy carter the night before .
six more homeless people froze to death on moscow 's streets early wednesday , bringing to ## the number of people killed in a cold snap in the capital since the start of the month , city officials said .
north korea , through its official media , confirmed late wednesday that it would return the remains of a us pilot who was killed when his helicopter was downed in its territory at the weekend .
german president roman herzog will attend a ceremony planned for the ##th anniversary of the german extermination camp at auschwitz in poland on january ## , his office said wednesday .
former south african cricket captain kepler wessels has retired from test cricket , united cricket board of south african managing director ali bacher has announced .
former us secretary of state dean rusk has died , the university of georgia announced wednesday .
a former advisor to president francois mitterrand and ex-head of the french national gaming authority was charged with fraud here on wednesday .
consumer prices in the big german land -lrb- state -rrb- of baden-wuerttemberg rose by #.# percent in december from november and were up by #.# percent by comparison with december last year , the regional statistics office reported on wednesday .
the london stock exchange lost its morning gains by early afternoon on wednesday , in line with the futures market and on profit-taking after a price runup the last few sessions , traders said .
the frankfurt stock market recorded a modest gain on wednesday as the dax index finished at #,###.## points , up #.## percent from #,###.## points at the tuesday close .
swedish industrial production rose by #.# percent in october compared to september , the swedish central bureau of statistics -lrb- scb -rrb- announced wednesday .
japan 's top automaker toyota motor corp. said wednesday it would start full preparations in the new year for moving into the chinese market .
china is to exercise stricter control over commercial banks under a new law intended to protect depositors , xinhua news agency reported wednesday .
a french judge risked being taken off a politically sensitive fake - invoicing case on wednesday after his sex therapist father-in-law was accused of extortion .
south african ernie els has won the #### johnnie walker golfer of the year award after a year of superb performances that earned him a record #.## million pounds .
the arab league on wednesday ruled out a proposal by israeli foreign minister shimon peres that the jewish state join the organization .
the european commission on wednesday demanded #.## billion ecus -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- from eu members in reimbursement for farm frauds in #### , with italy leading the way .
croatian foreign minister mate granic criticised ex-us president jimmy carter 's bosnian peace mission wednesday for bringing bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic out of international isolation .
the last group of us ground forces sent to kuwait in october to counter an iraqi military threat will return home for christmas , a us military official said wednesday .
serbian president slobodan milosevic met wednesday afternoon with representatives of the five-nation `` contact group '' on bosnia , diplomats said here .
north korea confirmed wednesday that it would return the remains of a us flier who was killed when his helicopter was downed in its territory , raising hopes that his surviving co-pilot may soon be sent home .
the city of birmingham stepped up its bid to beat off rivals manchester as the location of britain 's new national football stadium here on wednesday .
spain had a budget deficit of ###.# billion pesetas -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in november , ##.# percent more than the figure in november last year , the economy ministry said on wednesday .
the new delhi authorities on wednesday banned state-run lotteries in the capital , saying the lure of becoming millionaires overnight was turning more and more people into virtual paupers .
the new delhi authorities on wednesday banned state-run lotteries in the capital saying the lure of becoming millionaires overnight was turning more and more people into virtual paupers .
the european union began talks on a trade deal with the united states to compensate for customs changes when three countries join the union on january # , in a trans-atlantic video conference on wednesday .
an air algerie boeing ### cargo plane crashed wednesday , killing all five people on board and narrowly missing a housing estate on the outskirts of coventry in central england .
sweden rolled up a current account surplus of #.# billion kronor -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- in october , the swedish central bank reported on wednesday .
russian president boris yeltsin promised wednesday to guarantee the rights and liberties of chechens but within the russian federation , ruling out secession by the breakaway republic .
saudi arabia 's highest religious authority for the first time on wednesday said peace was possible between arabs and israelis as it was not against the teachings of islam .
mozambique 's first multi-party parliament reopened wednesday without the key opposition party , the mozambique national resistance -lrb- renamo -rrb- , which it has boycotted .
five armored , bullet-proof buses could go into operation in the settlements on the occupied west bank if tests prove succesful , the national israeli transport company said wednesday .
a car bomb exploded wednesday in the heavily-populated shiite moslem southern suburbs of the lebanese capital , causing several casualties , police said .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on wednesday began a speech to parliament seen as a desperate bid to save his government and was expected to call for fresh elections if legislators failed to back him in a confidence vote .
the dollar firmed slightly against other major currencies here early wednesday in a quiet market ahead of the year-end holidays .
blue-chip stocks were up in morning trading on wall street wednesday , following two sessions marked by technical corrections that wiped out last week 's ##-point gain .
three officials of the kurdistan workers ' party -lrb- pkk -rrb- have been arrested in the town of bremen and detained for violence against party members , the federal prosecutor 's office said wednesday .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi failed to announce his resignation as anticipated in a speech to parliament on wednesday .
un special envoy yasushi akashi will meet bosnian and separatist serb leaders thursday to convene the two sides for talks at sarajevo airport aimed at achieving a cessation of hostilities , un protection force spokesman koos sol said .
britain reaffirmed wednesday that it considered the international contact group on bosnia and its proposed peace plan as the bases for any negotiated settlement to the war in the former yugoslav republic .
greek prime minister andreas papandreou is to visit syria at the start of january , a government spokesman said wednesday .
the european commission slapped a <unk> -lrb- ###,###-dollar -rrb- fine on swedish tennis ball manufacturer <unk> on wednesday for breaching competition rules .
hundreds of shiite moslem university students angry at the killing of a fellow student staged an anti-government protest at bahrain university on wednesday , a professor said .
the european union 's annual inflation rate remained at # percent in november , the level observed since september , the eu statistics agency eurostat announced on wednesday .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi in a defiant speech wednesday challenged parliament to back him or face a demand for a snap election .
at least two people were killed and around ## others injured in a bomb attack wednesday in the heavily-populated shiite moslem southern suburbs of the lebanese capital , security officials said .
as russian troops fought their way into grozny , capital of the breakaway republic of chechnya , president boris yeltsin promised chechens their constitutional status could be reviewed if they returned to the russian fold .
dean rusk , whose career as secretary of state from ####-## under presidents john kennedy and lyndon johnson spanned the cuban missile crisis and the vietnam war , died late tuesday at ## .
the paris bourse registered a substantial gain on wednesday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , up #.## percent by comparison with the tuesday close .
germany announced in detail wednesday the military means it will provide nato to help cover any pullout of un troops from bosnia , including tornado fighter-bombers , troop transport aircraft and ships .
gulf leaders wound up their annual summit here wednesday after a disagreement over how to handle border disputes , officials said .
under the italian constitution , president oscar luigi scalfaro can dissolve parliament and appoint a new prime minister to form a government , in the event of the government of silvio berlusconi losing its majority .
britain reaffirmed wednesday that it considered the international `` contact group '' on bosnia and its peace plan as the base for any negotiated settlement to the war in the former yugoslav republic .
the london stock market gained ground on wednesday as the cac ## index advanced ##.# points or #.# percent to end at #,###.# points .
south africa squandered a good platform , losing their middle order cheaply , to finish on ### runs for eight wickets against sri lanka in their mandela trophy one-day international here wednesday .
thirty malaysian government and opposition mps wednesday protested at the russian embassy here against the recent russian veto of a un resolution to punish rebel serbs in bosnia-hercegovina .
major french bank credit lyonnais said wednesday that it had signed a deal for selling its ##.# percent holding in milan group banca lombarda to credito <unk> bresciano for ### billion lire .
an official iraqi newspaper warned wednesday that the united states could abandon the gulf arab monarchies if its oil interests came under threat from unrest in the region .
chancellor helmut kohl has succeeded in placing one of his close collaborators to a key post in the foreign ministry , in what analysts see as an attempt by kohl to tighten his control over foreign policy .
the <unk> hemorrhagic disease congo fever has been ruled out in the death here of a british tourist , south african health authorities said wednesday .
un special envoy yasushi akashi will present a written ceasefire agreement for bosnian and separatist serb leaders to sign on thursday , a un spokesman said wednesday .
ailing president francois mitterrand is undergoing radiation therapy for cancer , his personal doctor revealed wednesday , adding that the treatment was yielding good results .
blue-chip stocks climbed on wall street wednesday in a typical year - end rally .
the european commission announced wednesday plans to liberalise access to cable television networks for providers of <unk> telecommunications services from january # , #### .
an iraqi shiite moslem opposition group on wednesday condemned the `` suppression '' of shiite protests against the sunni leadership in bahrain .
the milan stock market scored a sharp gain on wednesday as the mibtel index broke up through the psychological ##,###-point barrier to end at ##,### points .
one sailor died and seven other crewmen were missing wednesday from a blazing oil tanker carrying ###,### tonnes of crude and a freighter , after the vessels collided overnight off madeira , naval and insurance officials said .
burundi 's cabinet met in crisis talks wednesday as the capital bujumbura ground to a standstill amid sporadic shooting after inter - ethnic clashes left ## dead , sparking fears of civil war .
hundreds of students demonstrated wednesday in the bahraini capital as a us-based human rights group accused the gulf state of using excessive force and making arbitrary arrests to crush shiite protests .
incoming house of representatives speaker newt gingrich is getting bodyguards as part of a beefed-up security detail offered by the clinton administration after he received threatening mail and phone calls , his spokesman said wednesday .
at least three people were killed and around ## others injured in a bomb attack wednesday in the heavily-populated shiite moslem southern suburbs of the lebanese capital , security officials said .
president-elect fernando henrique cardoso announced his cabinet wednesday that includes political and economic luminaries as well as soccer star pele , who will undoubtedly steal the limelight .
four of the five <unk> league ministers in italian prime minister silvio berlusconi 's cabinet handed in their resignations on wednesday .
un special envoy yasushi akashi will present a written ceasefire agreement for bosnian and separatist serb leaders to sign on thursday , a un spokesman said wednesday .
embattled italian prime minister silvio berlusconi will meet with president oscar luigi scalfaro on thursday , a day after parliament began a debate on the future of his government , a government official announced .
china has bought #.## million tonnes of us corn , the largest purchase of grain from the united states in ## years , the agriculture department said wednesday .
french diversified group bollore technologies announced wednesday that it had sold ## of its ## ships to a banking pool for a gross amount of around ### million francs -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- .
russia 's envoy to the united nations said wednesday that the war in the breakaway republic of chechnya should not be discussed in the security council , saying such debate was not `` appropriate .
more than three years after it was closed at the outbreak of war between croatia and serbia , the motorway linking zagreb and belgrade , the capitals of the two states , was reopened wednesday .
leading european stock markets all gained ground on wednesday , headed by milan , which jumped #.## percent .
the israeli army is to discipline one of its soldiers who on wednesday branded plo chief yasser arafat a murderer and allowed one of his advisers to be insulted , a military spokesman said .
an air algerie boeing ### cargo plane crashed wednesday , killing all five people on board and narrowly missing a housing estate on the outskirts of coventry in central england .
the body of a ##-year-old british <unk> who died of a heart attack lay ## days in an office broom cupboard before being found , southampton police said on wednesday .
a ##-year-old german who allegedly ripped off the tights of several young women here was indicted with indecent assault on wednesday .
metaleurop , a subsidiary of german group preussag specializing in non - ferrous metals , suffered a group-share consolidated net loss of ### million francs -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- in financial ####-## , the firm announced on wednesday .
senior officials on wednesday called for the reorganization and modernization of the vietnamese people 's army -lrb- <unk> -rrb- to adapt to new economic and political realities .
a senior palestinian official traveled to jordan via israel for the first time in a car bearing new `` palestine '' plates , the palestinian news agency wafa said wednesday .
israel 's proxy militia in southern lebanon has detained a woman and her three brothers suspected of helping anti-israeli guerrillas , security officials said wednesday .
a knife-wielding homeless man who was shot by police outside the white house will be charged with assault , officials said wednesday as police claimed the shooting was a justified use of force .
spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez said wednesday that there has been `` substantial progress '' in resolving the problem of `` discriminatory treatment '' of the spanish fishing fleet in the conflict over fishing rights within the european union .
coffee futures rose sharply in london on wednesday , climbing by ### to ### dollars depending on the contract following installation of an exports retention plan by producers in central america and colombia .
the white house stressed wednesday the so-called contact group 's peace plan was only a basis for negotiations in bosnia , confirming a reversal of its insistance that the serbs accept the entire plan .
libyan leader moamer kadhafi denied wednesday that his country had been responsible for a #### bomb attack on an american airliner that cost ### lives and called on the arab world to boycott the west .
a greek-cypriot trade union has launched a campaign to raise aid for fellow orthodox christian serbs who have been wounded or left homeless in war-torn bosnia , the cyprus news agency cna reported wednesday .
an italian foreign ministry official has been appointed to the international conference on former yugoslavia , the organization 's two co-chairman said wednesday .
an explosion on a new york subway train injured at least two people wednesday , subway spokesman charles <unk> said .
a court of appeal here on wednesday awarded ###,### francs -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- in damages to the heirs of us director john huston and co - script writer ben maddow for a colored version of his black-and-white classic asphalt jungle .
serbian president slobodan milosevic and representatives of the `` contact group '' on bosnia emerged from talks here wednesday hailing `` success '' for former us president jimmy carter 's mediation .
an indian court on wednesday jailed two top rocket scientists and two maldivian women for allegedly leaking the country 's space and military program secrets to foreign powers , officials said .
an explosion on a new york subway train wednesday injured at least ## people , some of whom suffered burns and smoke inhalation , emergency officials said .
south korea beat saudi arabia #-# in a friendly soccer international here wednesday .
the dollar was sharply higher against other major currencies in new york wednesday in active trading due to a buying wave .
an explosion <unk> caused by a bomb on a new york subway train injured at least ## people wednesday , police and emergency officials said .
the white house stressed wednesday the so-called contact group 's peace plan was only a basis for negotiations in bosnia , confirming a reversal of its insistance that the serbs accept the entire plan .
more than ### national hockey league players met here wednesday and said they were still resolved not to accept any new labor contract that includes a payroll tax .
an explosion apparently caused by a bomb on a crowded new york subway train injured at least ## people wednesday , police and emergency officials said .
two battalions of elite russian marines , numbering between ### and #,### men , are due to arrive in chechnya thursday to reinforce troops trying to suppress the secessionist uprising there , the interfax news agency reported , quoting a senior russian military source .
four people , including two children and a woman , were injured when the town of cazin in the center of the moslem enclave of bihac in northwest bosnia came under serb bombardment wednesday , a united nations spokesman said .
heavy use of painkillers such as tylenol and other brands of acetaminophen can cause liver and kidney damage , according to a study released on thursday .
five explosions rocked grozny , capital of the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya , just before midnight -lrb- ####gmt -rrb- wednesday and fires were reported to be burning in the city center .
zimbabwean opposition figure ndabaningi sithole retained his seat wednesday in one of three by-elections to prevent president robert mugabe 's zanu-pf party making a clean sweep .
the united states is keeping the pressure on libya to turn over two agents accused in the #### bombing of a panam jet over scotland , the state department said wednesday .
south africa beat sri lanka by ## runs in a rain-affected one-day international wednesday to reach the finals of the mandela trophy quadrangular series .
sinn fein leader gerry adams said wednesday he could not rule out british `` dirty tricks '' over a bomb found in <unk> in the southwest of northern ireland on sunday , which had jeopardised the peace process .
a firebomb blast on a crowded new york subway train injured at least ## people wednesday , including four people who suffered severe burns , city officials said .
clashes in the north of mali last sunday left ## people dead , military headquarters in the malian capital bamako said wednesday .
russian warplanes bombed the chechen capital grozny for an hour either side of midnight wednesday in the heaviest air raids since russian troops intervened ## days ago , an afp correspondent said .
manchester city reached the league cup quarter-finals here at st james ' park on wednesday with a #-# win against newcastle united .
the treasury deparment sold two-year bonds for a yield of #.## percent , the highest yield on a two-year bond since october #### .
blue-chip share prices rallied wednesday on a year-end buying spree by investors to push the dow industrial average past the #,### mark .
a knife-wielding homeless man who was shot by police outside the white house was charged wednesday with assaulting a federal officer .
the white house stressed wednesday the so-called contact group 's peace plan was only a basis for negotiations in bosnia , confirming a reversal of its insistance that the serbs accept the entire plan .
the dollar was sharply higher against other major currencies in new york wednesday in active trading due to a wave of buying to limit losses .
relatives of those killed in the lockerbie air disaster attended a remembrance service here in westminster abbey , wednesday , on the sixth anniversary of the crash which claimed ### lives .
real estate mogul donald trump showed up at a demonstration in new york wednesday to deny reports he planned to sell the posh plaza hotel to the sultan of brunei .
several civilians were killed wednesday night in heavy russian air raids on grozny , the capital of the breakaway caucasian republic of chechnya , journalists on the scene reported .
liberian warring factions signed a peace agreement here wednesday night to end five years of civil war , an afp correspondent reported from the ghanaian capital .
the dollar was quoted at ###.## yen at # a.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- thursday in tokyo , up #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen .
a ## kilometer -lrb- ## mile -rrb- stretch of the <unk> motorway through serb-held territory in croatia was reopened to traffic wednesday for the first time in ## months , though serb-croat tension cast a shadow over the event .
liberian warring factions signed a peace agreement here wednesday night to end five years of bloody civil war , an afp correspondent reported from the ghanaian capital .
two members of the crew of a nigeria airways boeing ### freight plane which crashed monday in north-eastern nigeria survived the accident in which three other crew members perished , it was reported here .
the vatican and the former yugoslav republic of macedonia are to establish diplomatic relations , the vatican announced wednesday .
dutch foreign minister hans van mierlo vowed wednesday to override objections from parliament and grant a visa to a dutch-born indonesian who deserted to indonesian rebel ranks ## years ago .
egypt could have done more to boost its economy with american aid and must look to the private sector to create jobs , the director of the us agency for international development , john <unk> , said wednesday .
north korea returned the body of a downed us helicopter pilot on wednesday , the state department said wednesday .
israel issued a ban wednesday on a planned palestinian economic conference at a hotel in arab east jerusalem .
former president jimmy carter on wednesday said that the four-month ceasefire he negotiated between serbs and bosnian moslems was fragile and urged that it be respected .
dean rusk , whose career as secretary of state from ####-## under presidents john kennedy and lyndon johnson spanned the cuban missile crisis and the vietnam war , died late tuesday at ## .
relatives of those killed in the lockerbie air disaster attended a remembrance service here in westminster abbey , wednesday , on the sixth anniversary of the crash which claimed ### lives .
north korea will hand over detained us aviator bobby hall imminently , us congressman bill richardson announced here thursday .
a knife-wielding homeless man who was shot by police outside the white house died wednesday from his wounds .
tropical storm axel whipped the central philippine island of cebu early thursday , forcing nearly #,### residents to flee to safer ground , relief agencies said .
industrial manfacturer btr <unk> ltd. annnounced thursday it would buy us-based fm holdings inc. , the parent of industrial manufacturer formica corp. for ### million australian dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- .
an indonesian migrant has pleaded guilty to killing an east timorese trader last month , triggering days of rioting in dili , the east timor capital , a court official there said thursday .
a major oilfield has been found in the autonomous region of xinjiang , northwest china , xinhua news agency reported thursday .
china 's top judge has pledged to step up the fight against high-level corruption next year , with law-enforcement officials guilty of embezzlement and taking bribes the main targets , a report said thursday .
five ivory poachers have been sentenced to death for killing ## elephants in southern china , the official english-language newspaper china daily reported thursday .
thailand has decided to lift a ban on books from britain 's longman group after the educational publishers `` corrected '' a dictionary entry deemed insulting to bangkok .
the main philippine island of luzon was hit by a major blackout thursday after one of its main power generating plants failed , a spokesperson for the state power firm said .
serbian president slobodan milosevic said wednesday he believed the prospects for peace in the former yugoslavia next spring are `` realistic .
india signed a series of agreements wednesday with us companies worth some one billion dollars on cooperation in the development of renewable energy resources , the indian embassy said .
global direct investment outflows grew ## percent to ### billion dollars last year , the first rise in three years , led by the united states and britain , a japanese government-affiliated agency said thursday .
an aluminum company has become the first chinese state enterprise to declare bankruptcy in the shenzhen special economic zone , bordering hong kong , it was reported thursday .
the nikkei stock average of ###-selected issues on the tokyo stock exchange stood at ##,###.## at # p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- thursday , up ###.## points or #.# percent .
north korea on thursday mixed a friendly gesture toward washington with invective against south korea , accusing the latter of seeking to derail its reconciliation efforts with washington .
share prices gained on a wide front on the pre-holiday tokyo stock exchange thursday , led by futures-linked buying with investors heartened by wall street 's overnight rally .
australian prime minister paul keating announced thursday plans to cut back woodchip exports from the country 's native forests following an angry backlash against his resources minister .
japan 's fujitsu ltd. has formed a joint venture with a major software company to develop and market a new type of multimedia software , mainly for entertainment and education , company officials said thursday .
eleven people were missing or feared dead , and ## others injured as tropical storm axel whipped the central philippines , officials said thursday .
nepal 's three-week old communist minority government headed by mana mohan adhikari was seeking a vote of confidence in parliament thursday , a parliamentary source said .
president violeta chamorro has named army general joaquin cuadra to replace general humberto ortega when he resigns february ## after ## years of commanding the <unk> armed forces .
the dollar held firm against the yen in tokyo on thursday as trading remained thin and calm ahead of christmas and year-end holidays .
the rand was weaker against the dollar in early trade here thursday , opening at #.#### \/ #### to the greenback against #.#### \/ ## at close on wednesday .
japan 's isuzu motors ltd. on thursday reported a pre-tax profit of #.## billion yen -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in the year to october ## , reversing a loss of ##.# billion yen the previous year .
japan 's sega <unk> ltd. confirmed thursday it had written to the british government requesting it to drop a planned extension of gaming duties to commercial amusement machines .
prime minister yitzhak rabin 's military advisor has flown to washington for talks with the syrian ambassador aimed at pushing forward the peace process , state radio said .
the french senate banned businesses from contributing to electoral campaigns in an overnight vote wednesday on a bill on political funding .
the government clamped a curfew on bujumbura wednesday night after fighting between hutus and tutsis left at least ## dead and sparked fears of civil war , but sporadic shooting and the occasional explosion of grenades continued .
security forces have arrested two people suspected of carrying out a deadly bombing here which the pro-iranian hezbollah blamed on israel , police said thursday .
the indian parliament was adjourned amidst new uproar thursday after opposition deputies seized the floor to demand the sacking of ministers linked to corruption scandals .
spanish train drivers began a ##-hour strike on thursday and most other railway staff were to strike on friday , disrupting traffic before the christmas weekend .
an israeli naval patrol shot and seriously wounded two palestinians intercepted on a boat off the gaza coast near the jewish settlement of dugit on thursday , army officials said .
china warned that its exclusion from gatt would seriously hamper the global trading system and free china from all obligations enshrined in the uruguay round agreement , here on thursday .
delegates at liberian peace talks in ghana were thursday preparing to fly back to their ravaged homeland , as a key warlord warned of a new alliance between the armed factions in the wake of an all-encompassing peace deal .
phil tufnell has been added to england 's injury problems in the run-up to the crucial second test against australia starting on saturday .
a senate committee on thursday issued a subpoena ordering the australian soccer federation -lrb- asf -rrb- to release the findings of an inquiry into the transfer of players to other countries .
russian warplanes dropped three bombs in the heart of grozny early thursday and also bombed the outskirts of the besieged capital of the breakaway chechnya republic , correspondents said .
the dead pilot of a downed us army helicopter , chief warrant officer david <unk> , seemed to have died of trauma resulting from the crash , us congressman bill richardson said here thursday .
christophe auguin , fresh from his record-breaking second leg from cape town , believes he can go even faster in his ##-feet sloop <unk> <unk> in the boc round the world solo yacht race .
a parliamentary debate on a vote of no-confidence in prime minister silvio berlusconi 's government resumed here thursday morning .
sunil gavaskar , the `` little master '' of indian cricket , was sworn in as the sheriff of bombay on thursday .
gunmen shot dead a hamas member and another palestinian blew himself up on the occupied west bank on thursday , palestinian sources said .
two us companies , hewlett-packard co. and us west inc. , applied on thursday to be delisted from the tokyo stock exchange from march ## , the final day of the ####-## fiscal year .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi announced thursday that he would go to see president oscar luigi scalfaro after `` drawing conclusions '' from a heated confidence debate in parliament .
the first <unk> shuttle train for cars and passengers left here thursday on an undersea journey to england expected to take about ## minutes .
the ruble fell sharply on thursday to #,### to the dollar from #,### on wednesday .
russian warplanes dropped at least five bombs in the heart of grozny thursday and also bombed the outskirts of the besieged capital of the breakaway chechnya republic , correspondents said .
share prices rose in thin early trading on thursday in response to overnight gains on wall street and a larger-than-expected surplus in the balance of payments , dealers said .
the british economy grew at a rate of #.# percent in the third quarter and the quarterly balance of payments on current account showed the first surplus for seven years , official figures showed on thursday .
the first <unk> shuttle train for cars and passengers left here thursday on an undersea journey to england expected to take about ## minutes .
south korean president kim young-sam will carry out a sweeping cabinet reshuffle following a drastic government shakeup announced earlier this month , officials said thursday .
south african president nelson mandela was thursday holding talks with a zulu delegation headed by home affairs minister chief mangosuthu buthelezi on the issue of the zulu monarchy , mandela 's office said .
fifteen people were confirmed dead and at least ## others were injured as tropical storm axel whipped the central philippines and headed for the island of mindoro on thursday , officials said .
more than ### prisoners at <unk> prison in <unk> near here went on the rampage demanding that they be supplied with marijuana , police spokesman colonel raymond dowd said thursday .
the deputy russian army commander , general eduard <unk> , has resigned after refusing to command the russian military operation in the breakaway republic of chechnya , a lawmaker said thursday .
the european union adopted the <unk> agreements under the so-called uruguay round of gatt talks here on thursday , diplomats said .
president oscar luigi scalfaro , an establishment veteran who survived the downfall of his christian democratic party , finds himself squarely in the eye of italy 's latest political storm .
the dollar was steady in early trading on thursday after rallying overnight on us and asian markets in response to devaluation of the mexican peso , dealers said .
seven more people were reported killed thursday in this southern pakistani port city plagued by political and sectarian unrest , police and hospital sources said .
the sichuan provincial government thursday denied a report in a hong kong-based far eastern economic review -lrb- feer -rrb- , that its governor had been fired .
global direct investment outflows grew by ## percent to ### billion dollars last year , the first rise for three years and led by the united states and britain , a japanese government-affiliated agency said on thursday .
cambodian aviation authorities on thursday ordered thai-owned cambodia international airlines -lrb- cia -rrb- to shut down all operations by saturday , a company statement said .
german international andreas moeller was ordered to pay his former club eintracht frankfurt #.# million <unk> -lrb- #.### m dollars -rrb- here on thursday for breach of contract .
the hong kong authorities launched a preliminary inquiry thursday into why a tanker registered in the british territory collided with a cypriot freighter off portugal , killing at least one seaman .
about ### protestant and catholic prisoners held in northern ireland are to be released on parole thursday for seven days to allow them to celebrate christmas with their families , british government sources said .
former irish prime minister albert reynolds is to embark on a new career shoulder-to-shoulder with former us presidents on the american celebrity speaker circuit , informed sources said here wednesday .
iraq on thursday accused the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- of being the puppet of the united states after it refused to call for an end to crippling un sanctions .
eu talks aimed at resolving a row over spanish fishing rights in british waters that threatens to delay the entry of austria , finland and sweden into the union next year were still deadlocked here on thursday .
south africa 's monthly trade surplus dipped to ###.# million rand -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in november , ## percent down on october 's ###.# million rand -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- , according to official figures released thursday .
italian prime minister silvio <unk> will resign , two ministers said thursday on emerging from a cabinet meeting .
security forces have arrested two people suspected of carrying out a deadly bombing here which the pro-iranian hezbollah blamed on israel , police said thursday .
italian alberto tomba won the world cup giant slalom alpine skiing event here on thursday , beating switzerland 's urs kaelin and austria 's christian mayer .
israel is to launch its first spy satellite in the next few weeks to end its reliance on us space technology , the daily haaretz said thursday .
an iranian newspaper on thursday voiced concern over allegations that saudi arabia had sent security forces to bahrain to help the sunni moslem authorities suppress a wave of shiite protests .
silvio berlusconi , who announced his resignation as italian prime minister on thursday , ended his eight-month run in office as it had begun -- with a defiant stand against the country 's political order .
herewith a list of the main events in the eight-month life of prime minister silvio berlusconi 's right-wing coalition government .
nepal 's minority communist government on thursday won a vote of confidence from the country 's parliament .
malaysian police on thursday detained two more footballers , this time from the losing team in the recent malaysia cup match won by singapore , as a probe into soccer match-fixing intensified .
there are ###,### flat tires in the iranian capital per day for only #.# million cars on the road here , a newspaper said thursday .
the london stock market scored a respectable gain in the first half of the thursday session , helped by wall street 's rise on wednesday and the announcement of britain 's first quarterly balance of payments surplus since #### .
the schengen accords on free transit throughout seven european union countries will come into effect on march ## , the accord 's executive committee said here thursday .
thirteen arms smugglers and ## truck drivers have been arrested and ## ak-## assault rifles confiscated in south africa in the past three weeks , police said thursday .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi left the quirinal presidential palace on thursday without confirming whether he had tendered his resignation to president oscar luigi scalfaro .
the government announced thursday that the peso will be allowed to float freely against the us dollar to avoid possible speculation against the mexican currency .
india and russia will sign several agreements on friday to further boost military , trade and technical cooperation during russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin 's visit here .
pakistan got home with a bye on the final ball to score a dramatic one-wicket victory thursday over underdogs bangladesh at the start of the south asian association for regional cooperation -lrb- saarc -rrb- tournament in dhaka .
pope john paul ii thursday closed the vatican 's year of the family by denouncing killings and exploitation of children worldwide and launching a new attack on abortion .
the lira staged a mild rally at the noon-hour on thursday just after the official announcement of the resignation of italian prime minister silvio berlusconi .
police thursday arrested a man critically injured in a new york subway firebombing , charging him with ## counts of attempted murder and assault .
the bundesbank held its key rates and repurchase rate unchanged on thursday and continued its #.#-# .# - percent target range for growth of the m# money supply for #### .
romania world cup star ilie dumitrescu was officially transfer-listed by tottenham hotspur here on thursday , less than five months after he was signed from steaua bucharest .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on thursday handed in his resignation to president oscar luigi scalfaro , who accepted it and asked him to continue in a caretaker role , a presidential official said .
swissair airline announced thursday that it had carried ###,### passengers in november , up #.# percent by comparison with the same month last year .
tens of thousands of people were evacuated at dawn thursday from a dozen villages scattered around the popocatepetl volcano when it showed signs of activity , local officials said .
sweden expressed its unhappiness with the operation of the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- on thursday by saying it would cut its annual contribution in half next year .
the government announced thursday that the peso will be allowed to float freely against the us dollar to avoid possible speculation against the mexican currency .
lufthansa airline expects to increases sales by #.#-# .# percent this year to a record amount of ##.# billion marks -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- , the company said on thursday .
the european union thursday formally ratified the uruguay round accords on world trade and called on all the eu member states to finish their individual ratifications by the end of the year , eu officials said .
three indian ministers , facing allegations of corruption , resigned from beleaguered prime minister p.v. narasimha rao 's cabinet here thursday , officials said .
the head of the cunard shipping line pledged thursday to meet irate queen elizabeth ii passengers who have vowed to stage a sit-in over an en-route refit that has transformed their transatlantic cruise into a nightmare .
defense minister pavel grachev sacked thursday half a dozen senior officers in charge of the military operation in chechnya and took personal command of the intervention in the breakaway republic , itar - tass news agency reported .
<unk> company announced on thursday that it had sold its north american otc -lrb- over the counter -rrb- drug business to swiss group ciba-geigy for ### million dollars .
colombian international carlos valderrama has signed for argentinian side newell 's old boys , club president eduardo lopez announced on thursday .
pakistan 's main fundamentalist political party thursday denounced what it called russian `` aggression '' against chechen moslems .
defense minister pavel grachev sacked thursday half a dozen senior officers in charge of the military operation in chechnya and took personal command of the intervention in the breakaway republic , itar - tass news agency reported .
paolo berlusconi , brother of caretaker prime minister silvio berlusconi , was sentenced to seven months in jail thursday for illicit political party financing , judicial officials said .
a <unk> relief aid convoy left the croatian capital zagreb thursday bound for the embattled bihac enclave in northwestern bosnia , a spokeswoman for the un high commissioner for refugees said .
a local businessman has stepped in to help avert the crisis at leyton orient after the club was put up for sale for just five pounds here on thursday .
wall street prices were up in early trading thursday boosted by the customary year-end surge and the crisis in the mexican economy .
china will step up efforts at the un security council to get the international embargo imposed on iraq lifted , the chinese ambassador said here , quoted by the armed forces daily <unk> thursday .
italian interior minister roberto maroni said thursday he will urge umberto bossi , leader of the fractious northern league , to rejoin the outgoing center-right coalition and take in the popular party .
arianespace chief charles bigot said thursday that he hopes to resume launches of the european rocket ariane `` before the end of february '' .
swedish-swiss electrical engineering company asea brown boveri -lrb- abb -rrb- has signed a contract with us oil group texaco valued at some ### million dollars , abb announced thursday .
swedish telecommunications giant ericsson has received orders from telefonica peru to supply axe switching equipment worth ## million dollars , ericsson announced thursday .
police thursday arrested a man critically injured in a new york subway firebombing , charging him with ## counts of attempted murder and assault .
south africa 's standard bank announced thursday it had bought standard chartered bank 's isle of man operation for an <unk> sum .
the frankfurt stock market notched up a substantial gain on thursday as the dax index closed just over the #,###-point mark , at #,###.## , up #.## percent from the wednesday close .
italian alberto tomba made it a hat-trick of victories in three days as he snatched another world cup triumph from his rivals here on thursday .
the self-proclaimed bosnian serb authorities called thursday for international sanctions against themselves and rump yugoslavia to be suspended for the duration of a four-month bosnia ceasefire .
the bank of france 's foreign exchange reserves dipped by ### million francs in the banking week ending on december ## to a total of ###.## billion francs , according to a calculation made thursday by credit lyonnais bank from the central bank 's weekly balance sheet .
president dzhokhar dudayev on thursday urged moslems across the caucasus to join a `` holy war '' against `` satanic '' russia rather than allow his breakaway republic to be enslaved by moscow .
the paris bourse gained ground on thursday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , up #.## percent from the wednesday close .
saudi-american oil company aramco is negotiating to buy half of greek oil group motor oil , the country 's biggest private firm , banking sources said on thursday .
disgraced figure skater tonya harding plans to take to the ice as mrs. santa claus on friday , but managers of the shopping mall rink are less than thrilled at the prospect .
president joaquim chissano 's new goverment will be sworn in friday , two months after his victory in the nation 's first multiparty elections , national radio announced .
russian warplanes heavily bombed the center of grozny , the capital of the separatist republic chechnya , late thursday , abruptly ending an afternoon lull .
the parliament of nagorno-karabakh , the disputed armenian-populated territory inside azerbaijan , elected the first president of the `` republic '' on thursday , moscow echo radio reported on thursday .
paolo berlusconi , brother of caretaker prime minister silvio berlusconi , was given a seven-month suspended jail sentence thursday for illicit political party financing , judicial officials said .
london stocks advanced on thursday as the footsie index tacked on ##.# points or #.# percent to end at #,###.# points .
federal investigators have charged a prominent leader of india 's ruling party with leading attacks on sikhs following the assassination of prime minister indira gandhi in #### , state television reported thursday .
russian president boris yeltsin announced thursday that he would address the russian people detailing proposals on a negotiated settlement to the conflict in the breakaway republic of chechnya .
eu fisheries ministers overrode british objections thursday and granted spanish boats broader access to british waters , eu officials said .
russia 's defense ministry denied thursday defense minister pavel grachev had sacked the three senior commanders in the region covering the chechen crisis , but refused to comment the fate of two other senior officers .
tens of thousands of people were evacuated at dawn thursday from a dozen villages scattered around the popocatepetl volcano after it showed signs of activity , local officials said .
the market operations commission -lrb- cob -rrb- , the french market watchdog agency , said thursday that its investigation of trading in euro disney stock last year had not revealed any violations of market rules .
israeli archaeologists have contested the traditional view of the crucifixion of christ after discovering the remains of a jew executed at around the same time .
brian clough dismissed suggestions here on thursday that he might be guilty of receiving an illegal payment from the transfer of norwegian alf inge haaland two years ago .
the irish government has ordered the early release -- before sunday -- of nine of the ## members of the irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb- currently held in irish jails , justice minister nora owen said thursday .
if president luigi scalfaro decides to name a replacement for outgoing prime minister silvio berlusconi , his choice is expected to come from a short list of political pragmatists capable of heading a government of technocrats .
the metals rose on thursday on the london metal exchange -lrb- lme -rrb- on anticipation of further downdraws in stocks on friday , dealers said .
antonio di pietro , italy 's `` symbol of justice '' in a seemingly endless string of anti-corruption probes , will take up a lecturing post at the private <unk> university near varese , northern italy .
three indian ministers facing corruption charges quit thursday fuelling speculation that premier p.v. narasimha rao will reshuffle the cabinet to bolster his government 's sagging image .
italy suffered a balance of payments deficit of #.## trillion lire -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in november , a sharp turnaround from a surplus of #.## trillion lire -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in the same month last year , the italian exchange office announced on thursday .
a magistrate 's court on thursday released on bail the former head of kenya 's finance ministry who is charged with being involved in a conspiracy to defraud the government of ### million dollars .
mexico announced thursday the peso will be allowed to float freely against the us dollar in a bid to thwart financial speculation on the plunging currency and stabilize the stock market .
at least nine people died on thursday night in the chechen capital grozny after a renewed raid by russian warplanes , an afp correspondent in grozny reported .
federal investigators have charged a prominent leader of india 's ruling party and ## others with murdering sikhs after prime minister indira gandhi 's assassination in #### , state television reported thursday .
the french government has made an initial selection of companies that might be candidates for taking stakes in bull computer group when it is privatized , the industry ministry and the economics ministry announced in a joint communique on thursday .
at least nine people died on thursday night in the chechen capital grozny after a renewed raid by russian warplanes , an afp correspondent in grozny reported .
baseball players and management went back to the bargaining table on thursday afternoon , hours before the owners ' deadline for going ahead with a salary cap system that players have vowed to fight .
solidere , the company created to rebuild the war-shattered center of beirut , has selected eight european and asian firms to offer tenders for a ###-million-dollar project to protect the city 's seafront .
evidence of further splits within the russian military over the intervention in chechnya emerged late thursday when it was reported that the deputy commander in chief of the russian army had tried to resign but had his offer rejected .
dozens of palestinians thursday halted construction work at a jewish settlement on the occupied west bank by lying on the ground in front of bulldozers .
north korea said thursday it was seeking `` a humanitarian solution '' for the return of the co-pilot of an american helicopter downed by its forces last week , but hit out at alleged american spy flights .
the irish government has ordered the early release -- before sunday -- of nine of the ## members of the irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb- currently held in irish jails , justice minister nora owen said thursday .
the white house said thursday that a multimillion-dollar book deal by incoming house speaker newt gingrich raised questions that needed answering .
the chinese government has threatened to kill dissident wang dan and ## us representatives urged the secretary of state warren christopher to take steps to protect him .
detroit 's barry sanders could become only the third running back in national football league history to reach #,### yards in a season , but what he really wants on christmas is a win over miami and a playoff spot .
authorities were on alert thursday after tens of thousands of people were evacuated from a dozen villages around the popocatepetl volcano when it began belching gas and ash , officials said .
with a midnight deadline hanging over their heads , striking baseball players offered a new proposal to major league club owners on thursday in a bid to head off unilateral imposition of a salary cap .
`` forrest gump '' was nominated thursday for seven golden globe awards and `` pulp fiction '' grabbed six nominations .
the dollar lost ground against major currencies thursday in slack trading ahead of the <unk> and new year holidays .
share prices on wall street rose thursday boosted by a customary and long-awaited year-end surge .
the swedish government decided thursday to earmark ## million kronor -lrb- #.## million dollars -rrb- for sewage treatment equipment and other investments to clean up the baltic sea .
the swedish government on thursday allowed three refugee women who had been abused by their husbands to remain in sweden despite an earlier decision by the refugee commission denying them asylum .
mexico announced thursday the peso would be allowed to float freely against the us dollar in a bid to thwart financial speculation on the plunging currency , and stabilize the stock market .
angry british fishermen predicted violent clashes at sea , after european union fisheries ministers thursday overrode british objections and granted spanish boats broader access to british waters .
at least eight people were killed in bomb attacks late thursday that destroyed four buses around this caribbean resort city , police said .
president bill clinton named martin indyk , a top advisor on arab - israeli affairs , as the new us ambassador to israel on thursday .
aviation giant boeing said thursday that it had received orders worth ### million dollars for seven aircraft for the charter company air berlin and one for lufthansa .
the united nations appealed thursday for countries to donate millions of dollars in emergency aid for somalia even as un troops are removed from the war-torn nation .
with republicans slashing pentagon <unk> spending , defense secretary william perry said thursday he would fight for money to help former soviet states reduce their arsenals .
<unk> abdoujaparov from uzbekistan has been part of the circuit for four years now and his kamikaze sprinting secured another points win in the tour de france .
australia 's ashes-winning test side were the outstanding team of #### , proved by their ##-# victory over great britain in the deciding third and final test in november .
with a midnight deadline hanging over their heads , striking baseball players offered a new proposal to major league club owners thursday in a bid to head off unilateral imposition of a salary cap .
the opposition unita movement has agreed to a summit of military leaders with the government to discuss arrangements for consolidating a ceasefire effective since november ## , it was announced here late thursday .
sweden announced thursday that it would cut by half its contribution to the world health organistion next year because of the organization 's failure to curb inefficiency and bureaucratic wastage .
canada 's government went on the offensive thursday to try to limit us influence on canadian culture , and sparked threats of a media trade war between the world 's two largest trading partners .
ten people were killed and ## injured in bomb attacks late thursday that ripped through four buses around this caribbean resort city , police and firefighters said .
the rome bourse stabilised and the lira rose significantly thursday as financial markets reacted positively to the resignation of italian prime minister silvio berlusconi .
archeologists here have unearthed a #,###-year-old village , believed to be the oldest settlement in hong kong , on the island of lantau near the site of the colony 's new airport .
the celebration of christmas , for many years the sole preserve of catholics , has become increasingly secular recently , seized on by small business since the country 's economic opening .
tropical storm axel moved away from the philippines friday leaving ## dead and at least ## injured in its wake , officials said .
a kenyan musician who aggressively demanded sex without a condom with a series of women , despite being told he had the hiv virus , was jailed here friday for seven years .
defeated democratic legislator dan glickman has emerged as the most likely choice to replace mike espy as agriculture secretary , white house sources said privately thursday .
an appeals court decision to name a paedophile who worked for ## years as a social worker with children , has cast a pall over christmas for horrified parents as the man 's identity became known .
china 's first high-speed train went into service between guangzhou and shenzhen at the border with hong kong friday .
an indonesian researcher has found a simple way to prevent fungus from crippling vanilla crops , the official antara news agency said friday .
chinese dissident zhou guoqiang , sentenced to three years in a re - education camp , has filed a suit against the beijing police for not respecting his rights , the human rights in china group said friday .
north korea on friday observed the third anniversary of leader kim jong-il 's promotion to its military supreme commander , the korean central news agency -lrb- kcna -rrb- said .
taiwan will privatize ## more state-run enterprises in #### as part of its privatization policy and liberalization effort , economic officials said friday .
an angry , screaming homeless man was arrested as he tried to enter the white house grounds , a white house spokeswoman said thursday .
five people held responsible for a discotheque blaze in fuxin last month which claimed ### lives have been arrested and the mayor of the small town has been removed from office , press reports said friday .
the united states launched a ### million dollar spy satellite thursday , three months late because of technical glitches .
china launched a fierce attack friday on washington 's chief copyright negotiator , calling him a `` bogeyman '' whose `` meddling '' posture was fully to blame for last week 's breakdown of talks .
south korean cabinet ministers tendered their resignations en masse friday , paving the way for president kim young-sam to carry out a sweeping reshuffle , a spokesman said .
the united states is seeking financial assistance from oil-producing countries in the middle east to help north korea replace its existing nuclear reactors , a news report said here friday .
the government friday won a victory in the court of appeal over the method of allocating parliamentary seats to the native maori populace , which is likely to avert another shake-up in new zealand 's political arena .
an israeli soldier was killed and five others wounded friday in attacks carried out by fighters of the moslem fundamentalist group hezbollah in israeli-controlled southern lebanon , security officials in the area said .
an israeli soldier was killed and five others wounded friday in attacks carried out by fighters of the moslem fundamentalist group hezbollah in israeli-controlled southern lebanon , security officials said .
rabbi solomon gaon , head of the world sephardi federation , died wednesday of pneumonia at mt. sinai medical center here , a spokesman said late thursday .
an israeli soldier was killed and five others wounded friday in attacks carried out by fighters of the moslem fundamentalist group hezbollah in southern lebanon , security officials said .
fighting between hutu and tutsi militias in bujumbura , the capital of burundi , spread friday to the western neighborhood of <unk> , with the youths throwing <unk> and firing automatic weapons .
indian prime minister p.v. narasimha rao , seeking to defuse a political crisis , axed three ministers accused of corruption , but a <unk> opposition vowed friday to step up a campaign for his resignation .
the rand firmed marginally against the dollar in early trade here friday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback against #.#### \/ ## at close on thursday .
a large bird , thought to be a blue heron , pierced the nose section of a twa jetliner forcing it to make an emergency landing here , but posing no danger to ### passengers and crew members on board , an airline spokesman said .
a ##-year-old man from scotland has been charged here with possession and trafficking in narcotics after he was arrested in a joint thai-us undercover drugs operation , police said friday .
two lebanese policemen were killed friday when an israeli helicopter blasted their jeep with missiles after a hezbollah guerrilla attack that killed an israeli soldier , police said .
a woman was killed and two men were injured when shooting broke out on friday in the munich metro system , police said .
the russian ruble continued to lose ground against the us dollar friday , dropping ## points to stand at #,### rubles to the dollar .
israel launched artillery and air strikes friday that killed two lebanese policemen after hezbollah guerrillas killed one of its soldiers and wounded five others , police and security officials said .
south african pay-television station m-net and its subscriptions arm , <unk> , are to merge their operations with swiss-based holding company richemont to form a global network , m-net said friday .
the south korean air force on friday took delivery of four f-## c\/d fighters from the us lockheed aircraft corporation at an airforce base here friday .
papua new guinea owes about ###,### fiji dollars -lrb- ###,### us -rrb- to fijian troops who served on the bougainville peacekeeping mission in october , the mission 's ground commander said in remarks published friday .
north korea 's de-facto leader , kim jong-il , failed to show up at an elaborate ceremony marking the third anniversary of his election as supreme commander of the armed forces , radio monitors said here .
england chairman of selectors ray illingworth vowed friday there would be a much improved effort from his side for the remainder of the ashes series , starting with saturday 's second test at the melbourne cricket ground .
england chairman of selectors ray illingworth is counting on devon malcolm to rip apart australia 's batting lineup in the second test starting here saturday .
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri accused israeli intelligence services of organizing wednesday 's bombing that killed four people in a hezbollah guerrilla stronghold in beirut .
frenchman jean luc van den heede 's boc round the world solo yacht race future hung in the balance near here friday after his ##-foot vessel ran aground when he was asleep .
share prices here opened slightly lower in extremely thin trading with little activity expected in the absence of any official figures or major market news , dealers said .
consumer prices are forecast to rise #.# percent in western germany in december compared to the previous month , the federal statistics office reported friday .
us ambassador david <unk> met thai foreign minister thaksin shinawatra friday to discuss a request for the extradition of a former thai legislator indicted on drug charges in california .
un special envoy yasushi akashi held a new round of talks with bosnian president alija izetbegovic and confirmed that the ceasefire agreement brokered by former us president jimmy carter would be signed later friday .
the un security council has voiced concern over the escalating violence in burundi , fully backing the bujumbura government 's efforts to restore law and order .
mozambique 's new cabinet was sworn into office early friday and went into its inaugural meeting , two months after the ruling frelimo party won the country 's first multi-party elections , officials said .
romanian prime minister nicolae vacaroiu , facing his sixth censure motion in two years , claimed important economic successes friday and said living standards were rising for the first time in five years .
the lower house of the russian parliament , known as the duma , was due to vote friday on a non-binding motion calling for a halt to military action in the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya .
a suspected hijack attempt on a chinese airliner friday may have been foiled just before the plane could pass the mid point of the taiwan strait into taiwanese airspace , the broadcasting corporation of china -lrb- bcc -rrb- claimed .
the french franc dropped to its lowest level for ## months early friday , in lethargic trading ahead of the christmas holiday period which will see markets here closed for four days , dealers said .
the russian defense ministry called friday on journalists to leave the combat zones in breakaway chechnya a day after an american photographer was killed in a russian bombing raid on the chechen capital grozny .
us ambassador david <unk> met thai foreign minister thaksin shinawatra friday to discuss a request for the extradition of a former thai mp indicted on drug charges in california .
zimbabwean customs officials have confiscated copies of a suspected pornographic film from its german film crew featuring a mixed-race dwarf couple taking part in `` curious scenes , '' local reports said friday .
hundreds of furious passengers disembarked from the qe# ocean liner late thursday complaining of leaking faucets , broken toilets and other mishaps that made their week-long , <unk> york voyage far from a dream cruise .
the top commanders of the angolan government army and military forces of the opposition unita movement have agreed to meet this week in sao tome to discuss implementation of their recent ceasefire agreement , unita said .
a serb counter-offensive in northwestern bosnia 's moslem bihac enclave has left ### civilians dead , including ### children , over the past ## days and triggered a `` humanitarian disaster , '' a croat newspaper reported friday .
finnish gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- rose by #.# percent in real terms in the third quarter from the same quarter last year , the national statistics office reported on friday .
malaysia 's second international airline operator refuted speculation on friday that its much-delayed venture had been grounded , saying its shareholders remained committed to big aviation plans .
<unk> chatterjee stole the show with a superb all round performance in india 's ##-run victory over sri lanka in the saarc cricket tournament in dhaka on friday .
the chinese province of shaanxi has changed its governor and the secretary of its local communist party , two key posts in the provincial hierarchy , the official xinhua news agency announced friday .
the agricultural bank of china -lrb- abc -rrb- is to issue ### million dollars worth of samurai bonds in japan , xinhua reported friday .
former banesto bank president mario conde was jailed on friday after five days of questioning by judge manuel garcia castellon , who is in charge of an investigation of alleged fraudulent management of the private banking group .
us ambassador david <unk> met thai foreign minister thaksin shinawatra friday to discuss a request for the extradition of a former thai mp indicted on drug charges in california .
an ira member sought by the british police was freed from an irish prison friday as the dublin government began releasing nine convicted irish republic army prisoners as a gesture to the organization .
the reclusive kim jong-il failed to appear friday at an elaborate ceremony marking the third anniversary of his election as supreme commander of north korea 's armed forces , monitors said .
french national carrier air france said friday it was again talking with `` numerous american companies , including american airlines '' with a view to an alliance .
turkish president suleyman demirel has urged `` <unk> '' in <unk> relations in an interview with published by the turkish daily news friday .
retail sales in hong kong rose ## percent from a year earlier in value terms to ##.# billion hong kong dollars -lrb- #.## billion us -rrb- , according to data released friday .
former banesto bank president mario conde was jailed on friday after five days of questioning by judge manuel garcia castellon , who is in charge of an investigation of alleged fraudulent management of the private banking group , judicial sources said .
the frankfurt stock market suffered a mild setback on friday as the dax index closed at #,###.## points , off by #.## percent from #,###.## points at the thursday close .
the london stock market lost a little ground in the first half of the friday session on profit-taking and absence of demand for stocks just ahead of a four-day christmas holiday weekend , traders said .
tourism and investment in cambodia will suffer because of the government 's order to close cambodia international airlines -lrb- cia -rrb- on december ## , the deputy managing director of the airline said friday .
china pledged friday that its failure to rejoin gatt this year would not affect its policy of opening up to the outside world , but also made clear it would not be bullied into further reform , xinhua said .
a chinese hijacker was arrested by xiamen police after unsuccessfully attempting to force a <unk> passenger airliner to fly to taiwan friday , the broadcasting corporation of china -lrb- bcc -rrb- reported .
three people , two of them children , were killed and three others injured friday when a rice mill boiler exploded in bangladesh 's eastern brahmanbaria district , a news agency said .
a bosnian ceasefire brokered by former us president jimmy carter and due to go into effect friday has been postponed by ## hours , bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said .
the hardline islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- said friday the `` weakness '' of the palestinian authority was to blame for the killing of one of its followers in the autonomous west bank enclave of jericho .
three new caledonian rugby union players were sent to prison friday for an attack on a referee .
malawi 's former opposition politician and human rights activist , <unk> chihana , was friday sworn in as the country 's second vice president despite a continuing row over the legality of his appointment .
tens of deportees commandeered an air malawi boeing ### in the nigerian capital lagos on friday and hijacked it to the malian capital bamako where the authorities refused to allow them off the plane , air mali officials said .
personal income in the united states slipped #.# percent in november as consumer spending climbed #.# percent , and durable goods orders jumped an unexpected #.# percent , the commerce department said friday .
two men were arrested early friday in separate incidents near the white house , us park police said .
italian president oscar luigi scalfaro began friday the search for a solution to the political crisis created by the resignation of premier silvio berlusconi , who stepped down thursday when facing near-certain defeat on a censure motion .
russia on friday said its troops had completely encircled the capital of breakaway chechnya , grozny .
israeli troops fired tear-gas friday to disperse palestinian villagers who tried for a second day to block the construction of a new residential area in a west bank jewish settlement .
israel has imposed tight security on the west bank town of bethlehem , deploying hundreds of policemen and soldiers to prevent any attacks during the christmas festivities , police said friday .
the canadian economy grew #.# percent in october from september , the government reported friday .
lone swimmer guy delage has completed a tenth of his #,###-kilometre -lrb- #,###-mile -rrb- crossing of the atlantic after taking the plunge a week ago , his paris headquarters said on friday .
schering group announced friday that european union authorities have found that two schering drugs suspected of possibly causing cancer do not present any risks to health .
spain suffered a trade deficit of ###.# billion pesetas -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in november , up ##.# percent from november last year , the economics ministry announced on friday .
iraq launched a scathing attack on the rulers of kuwait and saudi arabia friday , condemning their foreign policy as `` stupid .
rangers hope to welcome back top strikers mark hateley and ally mccoist against hibernian on monday but they could be without goalkeeper andy goram .
the net result of french banks as a whole plunged by ##.# percent in the year 's first six months from the same half last year to #.# billion francs -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- , the banking commission reported on friday .
britain has told russia of its `` concern '' over developments in the secessionist caucasus republic of chechnya , the foreign office said friday .
strong backing for the forza italia party of former italian premier silvio berlusconi , who resigned thursday , emerged in an opinion poll published friday .
guerrillas killed two israeli soldiers and wounded seven in an attack early friday in south lebanon , an army spokesman said .
moslems in the town of nazareth in northern israel where jesus lived have decked out their mosque with christmas decorations and will celebrate the christian festival .
the dollar firmed slightly against other major currencies except the japanese yen here early friday in an extremely quiet market ahead of the christmas holiday weekend .
abgal militias loyal to self-styled president ali mahdi mohamed have driven <unk> militias loyal to general mohamed farah aidid out of the strategic medina district in south mogadishu , a victory likely to endanger the coming withdrawal of un troops .
beijing 's higher court on friday upheld a six year jail sentence against journalist gao yu on charges of leaking state secrets and confirmed a ##-year term for her alleged source , former official gao chao .
german diversified group thyssen ag will invest up to four billion marks -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in telecommunications by the year #### , and has grouped all of its activities in that sector in thyssen telecom ag , the group announced on friday .
a croatian national shot and killed his wife and another croatian man friday in the munich metro and then shot himself in the chest , police said .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has released a jailed former executive of the collapsed bank of credit and commerce international on health grounds , uae newspapers reported friday .
romanian prime minister nicolae vacaroiu defeated the sixth censure motion against him in two years friday after arguing that his leftist government had improved living standards for the first time in five years .
standard and poor 's , the wall street financial ratings firm , said friday it was lowering its rating on the mexican peso and putting mexico 's long-term debt in foreign currencies on credit watch .
canadian prime minister jean chretien has decided to add three additional countries to his scheduled to visit to argentina , brazil and chile next month , his office revealed friday .
forty-four russian troops have been killed and ### wounded in the ## - day-old military intervention in chechnya , according to official russian figures published by interfax news agency friday .
the frankfurt stock market made modest <unk> in a trading week marked by very little activity , as most investors had already closed their books for this year and avoided taking positions on a market that could suffer sharp swings because of low volume , traders said friday evening .
foreign ministers from egypt , syria and six gulf arab monarchies are to meet next month in cairo , egyptian foreign minister amr mussa said friday .
the paris bourse dipped slightly on friday as the december trading month ended , the cac ## index finishing the day at #,###.## points , off #.## percent by comparison with the thursday close .
plo chairman yasser arafat will visit jordan sunday for talks with king hussein on the latest developments in the middle east , palestinian officials said friday .
palestine liberation organisation chief yasser arafat on friday invited pope john paul ii , the head of the roman catholic church , to visit gaza soon .
the london stock market slipped on friday as the footsie index lost #.# points or #.# percent to end at #,###.# .
african workers being deported from zambia as illegal aliens were released friday after their chartered air malawi boeing ### was diverted to bamako , capital of mali , after scenes of drama in lagos , nigeria , government officials said .
police shot dead two islamic militants in a gunbattle friday in the southern egyptian province of asyut , police said .
leading european stock markets suffered small losses on friday in light pre-holiday trading , as the london bourse snapped a five-session winning streak due to profit-taking and absence of demand for stocks ahead of a four-day weekend .
a saudi and a yemeni condemned to death for two separate murders were beheaded in saudi arabia on friday , the interior ministry said here .
mexican president ernesto zedillo named his interior minister to head an effort to restore peace to the poor southeastern state of chiapas , sources said friday .
the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- friday said the people of secessionist chechnya were in dire need of blankets and drinking water and called for help in sending in humanitarian aid convoys .
the sheikh of al-azhar , the highest sunni moslem authority in egypt , on friday urged islamic countries to support `` threatened '' moslems in the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya .
consumer spending climbed #.# percent for november and personal income fell #.# percent even as durable goods orders jumped an unexpected #.# percent , the commerce department said friday .
britain has told russia of its `` concern '' over developments in the secessionist caucasus republic of chechnya , the foreign office said friday .
striking baseball players geared up for a long legal battle on friday after major league club owners broke off labor negotiations and unilaterally imposed salary limits .
yoga could be the answer to israel 's security problems and prevent another middle east war , a fighter pilot told state radio here friday , proposing the formation of a special squadron of yogis .
the speaker of chechnya 's parliament friday sent russia a telegram offering immediate talks , the moscow echos radio said , quoting russian parliamentarian vladimir lysenko .
many moslems in the middle east have decked out their homes and streets with festive trees and streamers as they prepare to join the region 's ## million christians in celebrating christmas day .
the dollar rose slightly against major currencies except the yen in extremely quiet midday trading friday in new york .
the us federal reserve said friday that its policy-making committee had been divided over whether to sharply raise short-term interest rates at its november ## meeting .
the agony continues for chris webber , last season 's national basketball association rookie of the year who fell out with his coach , was traded , and on thursday dislocated his shoulder .
ireland released nine convicted ira members from prison friday , including a convict actively sought by british police , in a move the authorities said would boost the northern ireland peace process .
forensics experts have positively linked the murders of five women to a suspected serial killer shot dead by police at the weekend , police spokesman colonel <unk> <unk> said friday .
north korea 's official media denounced russia on friday , saying the sale of two aircraft carriers to south korea was an `` unreasonable act .
the us government announced friday that approval had been granted to a new aids virus test which uses saliva from the mouth instead of blood .
diego maradona signed a one-year contract , worth a reported #.##-million dollars , to become coach of first division racing club on thursday .
china 's leaders have called on local authorities to maintain `` law and public order , '' and in particular to improve the country 's dismal safety record , xinhua reported on saturday in a despatch monitored here .
a religious israeli mp friday urged the education ministry to discourage young jews from celebrating new year , state radio reported .
bahrain has recalled its ambassador from tehran for `` consultations , '' the official gulf news agency in manama reported friday .
cuban foreign minister roberto robaina arrived in tehran friday for talks on bilateral cooperation , the official news agency irna reported .
dozens of flights were diverted from landing at london 's heathrow airport friday , as heavy fog closed in .
disaster prevention officials and volcanic experts said friday it was unlikely mexico 's rumbling popocatepetl volcano would let loose a full-scale eruption .
british prime minister john major on friday issued a firm pledge to uphold the right of falkland islanders to be governed under the flag of their choice , in a christmas message broadcast by bbc radio .
robert fowler was named canada 's ambassador to the united nations friday replacing louise frechette .
yemen and sudan signed a series of cooperation accords friday after a four-day meeting of their joint cooperation committee here , officials said .
a pre-christmas holiday rally and falling long-term interest rates helped send blue-chip shares slightly higher friday .
the iranian-backed hezbollah friday condemned russia 's military intervention in the breakaway republic of chechnya and warned against a repeat of the `` soviet invasion '' of afghanistan .
the united states voiced concern friday over moscow 's crackdown on rebel chechnya , reminding russian president boris yeltsin it was worried about the fate of civilians .
blue-chip shares began the week on the slide after a wave of profit - taking , but the traditional year-end rally had the dow jones index jumping by the end of the week .
a boeing ### chartered by zambia to repatriate illegal west african residents left dakar for ivory coast early saturday following an unexpected landing in mali and a reported confrontation with authorities in nigeria , airport police said here .
the united states urged its nationals friday not to travel to algeria , and warned of increased risks posed by ground travel .
the united states urged its nationals friday not to travel to algeria , and warned of increased risks posed by ground travel .
the chief inspector in the italian justice ministry is being investigated for suspected ties to organized crime in this southern city , judicial sources disclosed friday .
tonya harding , clad in a red mrs. santa claus suit , skated at a shopping mall ice rink friday in a show billed as her first since she admitted helping cover up an attack on rival nancy kerrigan .
the french parliament early saturday gave final approval to legislation banning corporate financing of political campaigns .
a blast caused by an `` explosive object '' on a bus in central beijing 's busiest shopping district has killed one young man and left two people slightly injured , xinhua reported .
delta air lines did not drive pan american world airways out of business in #### , a federal judge ruled friday , ordering pan am to pay back nearly ### million dollars to delta .
a blast on a bus in central beijing 's busiest shopping district has killed one young man and left two people seriously injured in a suspected murder attempt , a report said saturday .
an airliner chartered by zambia to repatriate illegal west african residents left here for uganda early saturday , its fifth destination on a bizarre journey that has included an unexpected landing in mali and a reported confrontation with authorities in nigeria .
an airliner chartered by zambia to repatriate illegal west african residents left here for uganda early saturday , its fifth destination on a bizarre journey that has included an unexpected landing in mali and a reported confrontation with authorities in nigeria .
three grenade explosions rocked northern bujumbura early saturday , national radio reported , despite a curfew and a stepped up security presence .
indonesia plans to move ##,### families from the densely-populated islands of java and bali to outer islands during the fiscal year ending march ## , #### , transmigration minister <unk> <unk> has said .
chinese lawmakers are considering increasing the salaries of judges and procurators in a bid to stamp out corruption that is damaging the government 's image and destabilising the country , xinhua said .
theatrical performances marked the third anniversary of de facto north korean leader kim jong-il 's election as supreme commander of the armed forces , the north official news agency said saturday , without mentioning whether kim was in attendance .
a blast on a bus in central beijing 's busiest shopping district has killed one young man and left two people seriously injured in a suspected murder attempt , a report said saturday .
police in southern xiamen city said saturday they would bring charges against a man who tried to hijack a <unk> aircraft to taiwan .
three drug traffickers were executed in wuhan , after the central chinese city handed down the death penalty for such crimes for the first time in ## years , a hubei daily report seen here saturday said .
moslem guerrillas fired a rocket at the indian radio station in the kashmir valley , smashing windows and slightly damaging the roof , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- reported saturday .
some ## firms , including ## in the state sector , had declared bankruptcy in wuhan by the end of november , putting the central city at the forefront of china 's enterprise reforms , a report said saturday .
the number of juvenile offenders in china is on the rise as growing prosperity combines with other educational and family factors to create more and more problem children , the china daily said saturday .
tens of thousands of opposition activists were gathering across india saturday to form `` human chains '' in a protest to denounce infiltration and smuggling from neighbouring countries , a party spokesman said .
the bangladeshi opposition blockaded roads , railways and waterways across the country saturday to push for a constitutional amendment to hold elections under a neutral caretaker government , witnesses said .
maoist guerrillas shot dead four people in southern india after one of their colleagues died after tripping over a live electric wire laid by villagers to trap animals , police said saturday .
tonnes of north korean walnuts are pouring into south korea , wholesaling at one-tenth the price of the local crop , yonhap news agency reported saturday .
the head of the roman catholic church in sri lanka on saturday urged christians to pray for peace in the island 's embattled northeast , saying hopes for an end to violence were now stronger than before .
prime minister vo van kiet called on vietnamese catholics to `` contribute more to building the country '' during a meeting with new cardinal pham dinh tung , news reports said saturday .
the kenyan government will from next month allow individual foreign investors to buy up to #.# percent of a local company 's shares through the nairobi stock exchange , the finance ministry announced saturday .
dozens of bahraini theology students in the iranian holy city of qom staged a protest on campus against the crackdown on shiite moslem demonstrators in bahrain , newspapers reported here saturday .
at least five people were killed and ## injured when a bus overturned saturday at <unk> , east of here , state-run radio announced .
sri lanka is reviewing an agreement to allow the us government to build a relay station for its voice of america -lrb- voa -rrb- radio network in the north of the country following protests backed by the catholic church , officials said saturday .
the <unk> liner qe# finally left the port of new york on saturday , ## hours behind schedule after initially being declared unfit to sail by us coast guard inspectors .
zimbabwe 's only independent daily newspaper , the daily gazette , published its last issue saturday , two years after it was launched .
cambodia 's foreign minister saturday ordered an investigation into the disappearance of a german tourist believed abducted two weeks ago by the khmer rouge in thailand near the cambodian border .
the vice minister of japan 's powerful ministry of international trade and industry -lrb- miti -rrb- has resigned and news reports say political <unk> was responsible .
game wardens saturday shot dead one of three poachers who allegedly killed four white rhinos in <unk> game reserve north of here , public sabc radio said .
the iranian-backed hezbollah guerrilla group said saturday it attacked an israeli patrol in south lebanon during the night , less than a day after it killed two israeli soldiers .
four police reservists drowned after their patrol car left the road and plunged into the <unk> -lrb- yard -rrb- deep <unk> river near <unk> , northeast of here , police said saturday .
a swiss tourist and four thais were killed in the northern city of chiang rai when gunmen fired into a restaurant in an apparent assassination attempt on a local official , police said saturday .
the bangladeshi opposition blockaded roads , railways and waterways across the country saturday to push for a constitutional amendment to hold elections under a neutral caretaker government , witnesses said .
an arab league mission to somalia has failed in its bid to bring together warring factions there , an official close to the organization said saturday .
an overnight fire gutted more than ### shops in a second-hand clothing market in pakistan 's commercial hub of karachi , already reeling from months of political and ethnic violence , witnesses and merchants said .
doping has come to haunt the tradition-bound world of japanese sumo wrestling .
scoreboard after the opening day of the second ashes cricket test between australia and england at the melbourne cricket ground here saturday .
president nelson mandela in a christmas message saturday paid tribute to south africans for peacefully making the transition from apartheid to multi-party democracy in #### .
the tiny south pacific island of futuna got a long-awaited christmas present saturday when residents saw their first-ever television program , local television reports said here .
mark and steve waugh rescued australia from a modest total with fighting half-centuries against a determined england on the opening day of the second ashes cricket test here saturday .
an explosion ripped through a seven-storey shoe-making factory building in downtown tokyo saturday , killing at least four workers and injuring ## others , police said .
russian president boris yeltsin has called for a meeting of his security council monday on chechnya but may not make a planned speech saturday on national television .
ten indian soldiers were killed saturday when a mine suspected to have been planted by moslem separatist guerrillas blew up two army vehicles in kashmir , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- reported .
tamil separatist guerrillas saturday blew up a bus carrying government troops in eastern sri lanka , killing at least five soldiers and wounding ## others , military sources said .
germany 's minister for youth and the family , claudia nolte , admitted that her father was an informer for the hated east german secret police , the stasi , in an interview with the popular bild zeitung .
more than ##,### britons will travel this and next week to rovaniemi , the capital of finnish lapland , to see santa claus .
russian president boris yeltsin , who had been expected to address the nation saturday on the chechnya crisis , is now unlikely to make any statement until after a meeting of the security council called for monday .
leaders of vietnam 's official arts and literature communities criticized france saturday for what they called a `` political decision '' to honor dissident vietnamese writer duong thu huong .
a seven-day ceasefire came into effect across bosnia-hercegovina saturday , opening the door for new negotiations between the moslem-led government and serbs on a definitive end to the ##-month-old war .
the german administrator of mostar on saturday predicted the new ceasefire in bosnia-hercegovina would only hold `` a certain time '' and that fighting would resume by the end of february .
plo chief yasser arafat will set a date soon for his first visit to amman since jordan signed a peace treaty with israel , a palestinian official said saturday .
the vice minister of japan 's powerful ministry of international trade and industry -lrb- miti -rrb- resigned saturday and news reports said political feuding was responsible .
syria said saturday that prime minister yitzhak rabin should learn a lesson from the lebanese resistance and withdraw his army from south lebanon , following the latest attack that killed two israeli soldiers .
fighting between russian and separatist troops increased saturday near the village of argun , ## kilometres -lrb- nine miles -rrb- east of grozny , which was bombed overnight by russian warplanes , an afp correspondent reported from the chechen capital .
some ##,### opposition activists formed a `` human wall '' on pakistan 's border here saturday to denounce infiltration and alleged smuggling from the adjoining country , police and the party said .
an aids carrier was jailed by a singapore court for biting a policeman while resisting arrest , but was spared caning and attempted murder charges , news reports said saturday .
iran has pledged to pay off around one billion marks -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in overdue debts to german companies , the official iranian news agency irna reported saturday .
the association of palestinian journalists in gaza announced a one-day strike saturday to protest israel 's refusal to allow its members into the jewish state .
former australian test superstar terry alderman has joined a bitter row between <unk> players and the western australian cricket association .
iran and cuba announced their intention to boost economic cooperation during a visit here saturday by cuban foreign minister roberto robaina .
six guineans aboard a boeing ### airliner on a bizarre trans - continental repatriation mission were allowed to leave the plane saturday and catch a flight for the guinean capital conakry , airport officials said .
saudi arabia and egypt said they would seek ways to boost economic ties at a meeting of their joint cooperation committee here saturday chaired by the foreign ministers of both countries .
an egyptian belly dancer was jailed for ## days for her `` indecent dress , '' the daily akhbar al-yom reported on saturday .
an israeli tank opened fire on a group of hunters by mistake in south lebanon saturday , killing one and wounding four , amid further attacks on the israeli `` security zone '' by hezbollah guerrillas .
arab league chief esmat abdel meguid will visit saudi arabia , kuwait and the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- in early january in a new bid to heal divisions in the arab world created by the ####-#### gulf crisis , league officials said saturday .
gunmen who seized a french airliner with ### passengers on board at algiers airport saturday released ## more passengers , an air france spokesman said .
gunmen released a total ## passengers of an air france jetliner saturday after they seized the plane at algiers airport , an airline spokesman announced .
vreni schneider and alberto tomba , the world 's two greatest slalom racers , are threatening to shut the gate on the opposition by competing for one more season .
gunmen released a total ## passengers of an air france jetliner saturday after seizing the plane at algiers airport , an airline spokesman announced .
president bill clinton , in a christmas eve radio address , hailed the end of the nuclear threat from the former soviet union but said the united states remains prepared to use force to defend its interests .
chinese leaders on saturday called for more economic and technological development zones to attract foreign funds and develop an export - oriented economy , the xinhua news service said .
the united states and cuba will soon announce an agreement on reciprocal rights to open news bureaus for media outlets from both countries , us officials said .
romario , who played a key role in brazil 's world cup victory , has been voted the country 's footballer of the year .
an air malawi boeing ### hijacked friday by a group of around ## deportees from zambia left the ivorian capital of abidjan shortly after #:## p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- saturday bound for nairobi , airport officials said here .
a military prosecutor demanded the death penalty here saturday for five of the ## moslem militants charged with the attempted murder of nobel prize-winning author naguib mahfouz .
the russian government warned saturday it would launch an all-out attack against the chechen capital grozny `` in the next few days '' if chechen separatists do not surrender , russian television reported .
french defense minister francois leotard arrived in sarajevo saturday for a brief visit to french un peacekeeping forces in the bosnian capital .
jewish extremists belonging to the outlawed anti-arab kach movement smashed the windscreens of several palestinian cars in hebron on the occupied west bank saturday , military officials said .
libya reacted angrily saturday to washington 's decision to extend sanctions for another year , accusing the united states of manipulating the un security council .
the government of president sixto duran ballen has cut some ##,### public-sector jobs since taking power more than two years ago , officials said saturday .
some ## young bahrainis protested in a mosque here saturday against the bahraini authorities ' crackdown on demonstrators during two weeks of clashes .
air france canceled all flights to algeria scheduled for sunday after four gunmen hijacked an airbus a### of the french national carrier with ### passengers and ## crew still on board , an airline spokesman said saturday .
albanian president sali berisha on saturday pardoned one of five members of the country 's greek community who have been found guilty of spying for greece .
egyptian security forces detained an islamic opposition leader saturday , accusing him of spreading fundamentalist ideas , justice officials said .
algerian authorities were saturday negotiating with four armed islamic fundamentalists who hijacked an air france airliner at algiers airport , the interior minister said , amid reports the gunmen had killed up to seven hostages .
four armed suspected islamic extremists who hijacked an air france airliner saturday have demanded they be allowed to take off , algerian interior minister abderrahmane meziane cherif said .
suspected islamic extremists who hijacked an air france airliner here saturday have killed at least two of their hostages , algerian interior minister abderrahmane meziane cherif confirmed .
security remained tight as life began returning to normal saturday in bahrain following two weeks of clashes between demonstrators and police , witnesses said .
israel 's proxy militia , the south lebanon army -lrb- sla -rrb- , wounded a civilian in a bombardment of kfar <unk> village near the `` security zone '' in south lebanon saturday , police said .
eritrean officials arrived here saturday for talks with sudanese leaders aimed at resolving a dispute which led them to sever diplomatic ties earlier this month .
yemeni parliament speaker abdallah al-ahmar arrived here saturday for the highest-level visit to saudi arabia by a yemeni official since relations soured during the may-july civil war .
russian planes late saturday bombed a residential neighborhood in the center of grozny , capital of the separatist republic of chechnya .
taxi driver javier rodriguez gets in the christmas spirit by greeting paying passengers with no fewer than ### free riders -- the scores of nativity figures crammed inside his cab .
france offered algeria `` all necessary means '' to resolve the algiers airplane hijacking , officials said in paris saturday , as an armed assault on the plane appeared to loom after up to seven hostages were reported killed by gunmen .
president bill clinton slipped out of the white house for some last - minute christmas eve shopping saturday and called ## us servicemen stationed abroad during the holidays .
pope john paul , celebrating christmas midnight mass at st. peter 's basilica , prayed for the preservation of the family and the sanctity of life .
the man charged with firebombing a subway here denied saturday , while still groggy and drugged with morphine , that he had any involvement in the blast that injured ## people , his attorney said .
a four-man commando unit headed by a member of the armed islamic group -lrb- gia -rrb- , a militant algerian islamic movement , is holding an air france airliner along with more than ### passengers and crewmen at algiers airport , an authoritative source said here early sunday .
suspected islamic militants early saturday commandeered a french airliner as it was about leave algiers airport with more than ### people aboard and executed two of the passengers , dumping their bodies on the tarmac , algerian officials said .
a civilian employee of the indian navy was arrested while allegedly passing secret documents to a member of the pakistani mission here , police said sunday .
former indian president zail singh , who was seriously injured in a road accident , died early sunday after battling for life for almost one month , doctors said .
a palestinian detonated a bomb aboard an israeli bus early sunday , killing himself and slightly injuring nine passengers , police sources said .
voters in the former soviet central asian republic of uzbekistan went to the polls sunday to choose a new parliament in elections in which no opposition candidates have been allowed to run .
long-standing <unk> relations are expected to be given a huge face-lift with chinese premier li peng 's visit here , described as `` an important event '' in relations between china and burma .
a palestinian activated an explosive device he was carrying near a bus here early sunday , killing himself and injuring ## israelis , district police chief arie amit said .
suspected islamic militants holding a french airliner in algiers with more than ### people aboard issued an ultimatum sunday for the release of two islamic salvation front -lrb- fis -rrb- leaders under house arrest in algiers , reliable sources said here .
russian bombing overnight killed at least ## people and wounded many more in grozny , capital of the breakaway chechen republic , hospital officials said here sunday .
thai prime minister chuan leekpai saved his government from an early grave two weeks ago , but his controversial alliance with a former opposition party has strained the seams of the new coalition .
the us government has warned its nationals of widespread crime and sporadic violence in the philippines , drawing a protest from manila , filipino officials said sunday .
sri lankan security forces braced for christmas day attacks by tamil rebels after a mine blast in the east of the country killed seven soldiers and wounded some ## others , military officials said .
the islamic resistance movement hamas said one of its fighters set off the explosive that killed the fighter and wounded ## other people in jerusalem on sunday , israeli radio reported .
dealers at south korean securities firms received an unwelcome christmas eve present from santa claus -- a festive message that clogged their computer terminals for hours .
three people were killed and five were injured late saturday when a powerful bomb ripped through a passenger bus near lahore , the capital of punjab province , officials said sunday .
members of congress -lrb- i -rrb- rallied behind embattled prime minister p.v. narasimha rao on sunday , but india 's ruling party seemed headed for a showdown after rao 's arch rival quit the cabinet in a brazen challenge for the premiership .
visiting french defense minister francois leotard has pledged to maintain his troops in bosnia-hercegovina for as long as they can fulfill their mission there .
vietnamese gathered in their thousands sunday in hanoi to observe christmas midnight mass and a newer holiday tradition -- high-speed games of cat and mouse between police and illegal motorbike racers .
french prime minister edouard balladur sunday said his country was ready to help free hostages held by islamic fundamentalists aboard an air france plane at algiers airport .
five more people were killed as unrest continued to rock karachi and the <unk> district , near the city 's airport , after a <unk> fire destroyed some ### shops , police and officials said sunday .
the number of palestinian christians on the west bank is dwindling fast as more and more escape from the demoralising israeli occupation and fear of the moslem extremist threat .
the thai government may distribute powdered milk around the country to encourage mothers to stop breast-feeding their babies in a bid to reduce the risk that infants contract aids , a daily said sunday .
syria on sunday rejected an israeli demand to keep observation posts on strategic points in the golan heights after a withdrawal by the jewish state .
the islamic resistance movement hamas said one of its fighters set off the bomb next to a bus that killed him and wounded ## other people in jerusalem on sunday .
an embattled allan boesak , former western cape leader of nelson mandela 's african national congress , has refused to give up his post as south africa 's new ambassador to the un in geneva , the johannesburg sunday times said .
the tanzanian government took the edge off christmas saturday night by hiking fuel prices between nine and ## percent .
suspected islamic militants who have killed two people on a french airliner immobilized in algiers dropped a demand sunday for the release of two islamic salvation front -lrb- fis -rrb- leaders as negotiations continued .
three malaysian footballers were sunday reported to having confessed to fixing matches in the national premier league , as the nation 's soccer fans remained stunned over the scale of alleged corruption in the game .
fighting has erupted between the two main rival kurdish factions in northern iraq , the official iranian news agency irna reported .
two hong kong tourists were killed and at least ## others injured early sunday when their bangkok-bound coach ran a red light and rammed into the rear of a bus in chonburi , highway police said .
plo chairman yasser arafat 's self-rule authority on sunday condemned the bombing in jerusalem that was claimed by the rival hamas islamic resistance movement .
the iranian-backed hezbollah said it killed or wounded eight pro- israeli militiamen in an attack in the jewish state 's self-declared security zone in south lebanon on sunday .
the head of the abu dhabi development fund has been missing in the gulf since he set off on a boat trip on friday , united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- coastguards said sunday .
france has `` put on alert its means of intervention '' to help rescue hostages on an air france airbus plane hijacked saturday at algiers airport , foreign minister alain juppe said sunday .
the united states has written to the north korean government asking for the release of an american pilot held since his helicopter strayed over the border a week ago , a white house official said .
around ##,### immigrants will have settled in israel in #### by the end of december , officials announced sunday .
russian troops have killed some #,### separatist chechen soldiers since saturday evening in fighting near argun , ## kilometres -lrb- nine miles -rrb- east of grozny , the russian government press service said here sunday .
saint joseph 's church in baghdad opened its doors on christmas day for the first time since four people were killed and it was damaged in a bomb attack in october , the official news agency ina reported .
pope john paul ii sunday called for peace and respect for the family in his traditional christmas message broadcast around the world .
the suspected killing of a vietnamese citizen , one of two people shot dead by islamic militants aboard an air france plane sunday at algiers ' airport , would bring to ## the number of foreigners killed in algeria since september #### .
a kuwaiti court on sunday acquitted a stateless arab playwright of collaborating with iraqi troops during their seven-month occupation of the emirate , the official news agency kuna reported .
russian troops have killed some #,### separatist chechen soldiers since saturday evening in fighting near argun , ## kilometres -lrb- nine miles -rrb- east of grozny , the russian government press service said here sunday .
the primate of the anglican church , the archbishop of canterbury george carey , angered the ruling conservative party sunday with a christmas day sermon deploring the growing gulf between the `` haves '' and `` have nots '' in britain .
an air malawi boeing ### hijacked friday by deportees from zambia landed in nairobi early sunday after dropping off the last of the deportees in abidjan .
the algerian authorities confirmed sunday that a vietnamese national had been shot dead by islamic gunmen who hijacked an air france airliner at algiers airport .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin on sunday said he hoped for tolerance between different races and religions , in a christmas day message to christians in the holy land .
journalists and technical staff in niger 's state media began a three - day strike on sunday , in the midst of an election campaign for a general election on january # , to press for payment of at least some of their four months of salary arrears .
thai world boxing association -lrb- wba -rrb- flyweight champion saen sor - ploenchit defended his title with a technical knockout win over danny nunez in this eastern province on sunday .
uzbek voters flocked to the polls sunday in the first parliamentary elections since independence , with more than ## percent of electors casting their ballots by #:## p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , the itar-tass news agency reported .
fighting raged between rival kurdish factions in northern iraq for the third day on sunday , the official iranian news agency irna reported .
flights resumed sunday at algiers ' <unk> boumediene airport , where an air france airbus was still blocked on the tarmac with more than ### people on board held hostage by islamic militants .
the palestinian authority will take the issue of jewish settlements on the west bank to the united nations , palestinian finance `` minister '' mohammad zohdi nashashibi said sunday .
china is aiming to boost the quality tibet 's yak population by opening the world 's first yak sperm bank in the autonomous region , the official xinhua news agency reported sunday .
britain 's fractured royal family spent its traditional christmas day at the queen 's sandringham estate in norfolk , eastern england , sunday , joined this year by princess diana , the estranged wife of prince charles .
northern ireland spent its first christmas for ## years in a mood of reconciliation between the province 's catholic and protestant communities , with calls for understanding and tolerance issued by religious leaders of both sides .
armed islamic extremists sunday released three more passengers from a hijacked air france airliner held at algiers airport , as the authorities continued talks to secure freedom for the remaining detainees , the interior ministry said .
egypt is ready to help push forward peace talks between syria and israel , egyptian foreign minister amr mussa said here sunday , denying reports that the negotiations were deadlocked .
bosnians will not respect the ceasefire if attacks on the northwestern bihac enclave continue , bosnian president alija izetbegovic said sunday .
the organisation of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- on sunday voiced `` grave concern '' over the conflict in the breakaway republic of chechnya and appealed for an end to the fighting .
french embassy officials in algeria managed mid-afternoon sunday to talk to the crew of an air france jet hijacked saturday by five armed islamic extremists in algiers , the french foreign ministry said .
argentina 's inflation rate for #### will be between #.# and #.# percent , the lowest in at least ## years , offficials said sunday .
christmas #### was a time for healing wounds in several of the world 's worst conflict zones , and in israel , the occupied territories , south africa and northern ireland , the words `` peace on earth and good will to all men '' did not ring entirely hollow .
a member of the banned algerian islamic salvation front -lrb- fis -rrb- on sunday condemned the seizing of an air france jetliner in algiers , but said it represented the `` frustration '' of algerians toward france .
the seizure of an air france airbus ### at algiers airport with some ### passengers and crew by extremist islamic militants was the latest chapter in an almost three-year-old cycle of political violence which has wracked algeria .
a ##-year-old german man shot dead two people and wounded three after he was kicked out of a christmas eve party for quarrelling with other guests , police said here sunday .
suspected leftist rebels shot and killed a policeman and <unk> injured a passerby here in peru 's capital , police said sunday .
egyptian foreign minister amr mussa urged arab states here sunday to act jointly to combat islamic militants .
foreign ministers from egypt , syria and six gulf arab monarchies are to meet here in february , egyptian foreign minister amr mussa said sunday .
syria confirmed sunday that its army chief-of-staff general hikmat <unk> met senior israeli military officials in washington last week but said their talks produced no concrete results .
prime minister yitzhak rabin increased his parliamentary majority sunday by bringing a third party -- the centre-right <unk> party -- into the ruling coalition .
an aircraft gangway was driven up to the hijacked airliner at algiers airport late sunday and three shots were heard coming from inside the surrounded plane , algeria 's official state television reported .
hundreds of palestinians and activists of the left-wing israeli `` peace now '' movement demonstrated here sunday against plans to build a new jewish settlement south of jerusalem on the occupied west bank .
a key advisor of russian president boris yeltsin resigned sunday in protest at russia 's use of military force against the rebel republic of chechnya .
king fahd held talks here sunday with yemeni parliament speaker sheikh abdallah al-ahmar -- the highest-ranking sanaa official to visit saudi arabia since relations soured during the may-july civil war .
a majority of mexico city residents polled after the sudden drop in the value of the peso last week said they disapproved of the new government 's handling of the situation .
china 's state administration of state property -lrb- sasp -rrb- has issued further guidelines on procedure for the country 's rising number of state-owned bankrupt firms , xinhua news agency reported monday .
a key advisor of russian president boris yeltsin resigned sunday in protest at russia 's use of military force against the rebel republic of chechnya .
hijackers who have seized an air france jetliner in algiers opened the door of the aircraft sunday and threw an unidentified object on the tarmac after firing a shot , an afp correspondent reported .
ambulance men carried away a body from near an air france jetliner hijacked by islamic militants at algiers airport , an afp correspondent reported sunday .
china 's state administration of state property -lrb- sasp -rrb- has issued further guidelines on procedure for the country 's rising number of state-owned bankrupt firms , xinhua news agency reported monday .
ecuador 's minister of energy and mining gustavo galindo was killed sunday when the car he was driving flipped over on a pacific coast road , officials said sunday .
france is prepared to receive a hijacked air france airliner that has been held by islamic militants at algiers airport since saturday morning , prime minister eduard balladur announced early sunday .
algerian president liamine zeroual has authorized the departure of a hijacked air france plane held at algiers airport for france , the french foreign ministry announced in a communique .
algerian president liamine zeroual has authorized the departure of a hijacked air france plane held at algiers airport for france , the french foreign ministry announced in a communique .
a hijacked air france airliner took off for france from the airport here at #.## a.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- monday , a reliable source reported in paris .
the dollar was traded at ###.## yen at #:## a.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- monday in tokyo , down #.## yen from ###.## yen quoted in late trading on the previous trading day thursday .
a hijacked air france airliner with ### passengers and crew aboard touched down at the international airport at marignane , ## kilometers -lrb- ## miles -rrb- north of this southern french city , at #.## a.m. monday -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , police said .
algerian interior minister abderrahman meziane cherif early monday accused the pilot of an air france plane that had been hijacked here of having spoiled a plan to free the passengers .
the people 's bank of china -lrb- pboc -rrb- has reaffirmed its restriction on the business activities in china of representative offices of foreign financial institutions , a newspaper reported monday .
england vice-captain alec stewart suffered a suspected fractured finger batting against australia on the second day of the second test here monday .
the vietnamese hostage killed by the hijackers of an air france jet in algiers was an embassy trade councillor , informed sources said here monday .
south korean president kim young-sam on monday followed up a sweeping cabinet reshuffle last week by naming ## new vice ministers , the president 's office said .
the once taboo topic of sex has been given the academic seal of approval in china with the establishment of the country 's first sexology association .
sri lankan troops shot dead two more tamil guerrillas on christmas day , raising to ## the death toll in fresh violence over the weekend in the embattled northeast , officials said monday .
a unit of elite intervention police arrived monday at the marignane airport near here where algerian islamic militants were holding a french airliner with ### people aboard , reliable sources said .
fears that the south korean economy will overheat will dominate economic policies in #### , with the board of finance and economy -lrb- bfe -rrb- trying to hold the growth rate down to seven percent , news reports said monday .
a unit of elite intervention police arrived monday at the marignane airport near here where algerian islamic militants were holding a french airliner with ### people aboard , reliable sources said .
scoreboard at tea on the second day of the second ashes cricket test between australia and england at the melbourne cricket ground here monday .
air france chairman christian blanc on monday went inside the control tower of marignane airport near here monday to join officials trying to negotiate with algerian fundamentalist hijackers of an air france jetliner , officials said .
japanese share prices leading index closed #.# percentage points higher on index-linked buying on monday .
chechnya 's leaders are ready to discuss a confederation with russia if moscow ends its military intervention in the breakaway republic , interfax quoted the chechen vice-president as saying monday .
australia warned monday that chinese boat people , hundreds of whom have arrived in the past two months , will not find it easy to gain refugee status .
russian president boris yeltsin was to chair a meeting of his security council here monday to discuss `` a peaceful settlement '' of the conflict in the breakaway republic of chechnya , itar-tass reported .
china on monday hailed its success in facing down washington over the <unk> rights issue as the highlight of a year of triumphant foreign policy dealings .
the dollar lost ground in thin trading on the tokyo foreign exchange market monday with investors staying away from the market due to the <unk> holidays .
japan 's toshiba corp. expanded its line up of ##-megabit dynamic random access memory -lrb- dram -rrb- chips monday with the launch of eight new chips combining lower <unk> with faster access speeds .
the pilot of an hijacked air france jetliner with ### passengers and crew aboard started the plane 's engines on the marignane airport near here , correspondents on the scene reported .
the north korean people 's army -lrb- kpa -rrb- refused on monday to set a date for the release of the surviving us pilot of a helicopter that strayed into north korean airspace , the us army said .
seven people died and ## were injured when a fire swept through a hospital housing ### patients in the perm region of the urals monday , itar-tass news agency reported .
england were ### for four in their first innings at close of play on the second day in the second test against australia here monday .
monday 's second day close of play scoreboard in the second test between australia and england at the melbourne cricket ground .
one person was killed and three injured in ethnic clashes saturday night in gitega , burundi 's second city , military and hospital sources said monday .
scorecard from the bangladesh v india game in the south asian association for regional cooperation -lrb- saarc -rrb- limited overs cricket tournament in dhaka on monday .
dramatist john osborne , one of britian 's most influential playwrights , has died at the age of ## , according to his agent gordon dickerson , the daily mail reported monday .
the algerian fundamentalist hijackers of an air france <unk> grounded on a nearby airport with ### passengers and crew aboard on monday threatened to execute more hostages if their demand for a refuel of the plane was not met , officials said .
a rich woman following the instructions of a taoist god miraculously found her long-lost brother , who had subsisted by begging for the past five years , the local press reported monday .
shane warne cast a gloomy christmas spell over england on monday spinning out three key batsmen to stop the tourists taking control of the second test .
new zealand skipper ken rutherford won the toss and elected to bat in the second cricket test against south africa at kingsmead here on monday .
a clash last month between peasants and armed thugs hired by a factory in the northeastern chinese province of liaoning left one dead and ## seriously injured , a newspaper revealed monday .
manila will not formally protest a us travel advisory , which the authorities here have claimed depicted the philippines as a violent country , after diplomats from both sides settled the issue , the foreign department said here monday .
president saddam hussein has sacked agriculture minister karim hassan rida after a fall in farm output .
the ruble fell to #,### to the dollar here on monday from #,### on friday .
chinese prime minister li peng arrived in rangoon on monday for talks with the leaders of burma 's military junta to cement economic and political ties .
president boris yeltsin was chairing a meeting of his security council here monday to discuss whether to press on with the two-week-old russian military intervention in the breakaway republic of chechnya , itar-tass reported .
twenty-one persons were killed and ## injured when a coach crashed into a parked lorry near fresco , ### kilometers -lrb- ### miles -rrb- west of <unk> , hospital officials said monday .
algerian fundamentalist hijackers of an air france airbus grounded on a nearby airport with ### passengers and crew aboard monday withdrew an earlier threat to execute more hostages if their demand that the plane be <unk> for a flight to paris was not met , officials said .
three suspected poachers , thought to be mozambicans , have been shot dead in kruger park , south africa 's showpiece game reserve in eastern transvaal province , public sabc radio said monday .
cylinders of gas were used in an unsuccessful bomb attack on a synagogue in this city in eastern france late on christmas day , the local administration said .
palestinians have been digging tunnels to infiltrate israel from gaza , police officials said monday , a day after a palestinian from the self - rule strip carried out a suicide attack in jerusalem .
un officials reported a lull in the fighting between moslem-led government forces and <unk> moslem rebels in the northwestern pocket of bihac , saying the military situation across bosnia was `` very quiet .
a hamas militant who killed himself and wounded ## other people in a bomb blast in jerusalem was on a list of policemen due to be investigated for their political activities , a spokesman for plo chief yasser arafat said monday .
state-run national power corp. -lrb- npc -rrb- is seeking a ###-million-dollar loan from us investment banker jp morgan securities corp. to fund a ###-megawatt power plant , a senior official said here monday .
three men were killed when gunmen armed with automatic weapons opened fire on a family living in a shanty in <unk> black township outside this kwazulu-natal coastal city , police said monday .
state-run national power corp. -lrb- npc -rrb- is seeking a ###-million-dollar loan from us investment banker jp morgan securities corp. to fund a ###-megawatt power plant , a senior official said here monday .
the price of food products in china surged again last month , the state statistics bureau said in a report published on monday by the china business times .
israel will soon start testing a new version of its arrow anti-missile missile , the defense ministry said here monday .
president boris yeltsin ordered monday a suspension of military operations in the breakaway republic of chechnya but insisted the region was part of russia and that moscow would maintain a troop presence there , interfax news agency reported .
iranian theology students have staged several demonstrations outside the house of a disgraced religious leader , ayatollah hussein ali montazeri , in the holy city of qom , a newspaper reported here monday .
algerian fundamentalist hijackers of an air france airbus were holding direct talks monday with french authorities at an airport near here , officials said .
russia has set up a `` shadow government '' in the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya grouping what it says is the democratic opposition to chechen president dzhokhar dudayev , the russian government press service said monday .
the final hearing in the trial of ### moslem fundamentalists accused of carrying out the massacre of ## people burned alive in sivas last year resumed monday in the state security court in ankara .
monday 's first day lunchtime scoreboard in the second test between south africa and new zealand at kingsmead here .
south africa 's all-pace attack , bowling with line , length and aggression , pinned new zealand down to ## for # at lunch on the first day monday of the second test against new zealand at kingsmead here .
a former hutu minister belonging to a tutsi-led opposition party was murdered at his home here saturday , his entourage said monday .
england vice-captain alec stewart will know on tuesday when and if he can take any further part in the ashes tour after <unk> his right index finger in the second test .
a corsican town mayor at the center of a football stadium disaster in #### was shot several times and killed outside his home on monday , police said eight days before he was to go on trial .
australian batsman steve waugh said on monday his injured shoulder was making slow progress and he did not know when he would be able to bowl competitively again .
the japanese government was ordered by a court monday to pay ### million yen -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- to ### residents living near an airbase in compensation for distress caused by noise from military aircraft .
government leaders and the chiefs of japan 's ruling parties agreed monday to open a ###-day ordinary parliament session on january ## , news reports said .
chinese prime minister li peng arrived in the burmese capital monday for a three-day official visit to cement economic and political ties with the junta and to enhance regional `` peace and stability .
the islamic salvation front -lrb- fis -rrb- , algeria 's main outlawed fundamentalist movement , condemned the hijacking of a french airliner by armed moslem militants , according to a communique received here monday .
prime minister mahathir mohamad on monday defended plans to buy warplanes from russia despite malaysian parliamentarians ' demands that the purchase be dropped in protest at moscow 's invasion of chechnya .
at least ## people have been killed in clashes between rival kurdish factions in northern iraq in the past three days , wounded kurdish fighters quoted by the iranian news agency -lrb- irna -rrb- said monday .
the former president of the french state-controlled renault auto group , pierre dreyfus , who led the company during ## years of industrial and social change , died late on christmas day aged ## , his family said on monday .
a wanted leader of the banned militant group jamaa islamiyya has given himself up to the police , the official daily al-akhbar said monday .
the taiwanese armed forces on wednesday will inaugurate their first fighter squadron consisting entirely of locally-built aircraft , air force officials said monday .
jewish settlers are preparing a book honoring baruch goldstein , who massacred ## moslem worshippers at hebron 's tomb of the patriarchs in february .
at least ## people have been killed in clashes between rival kurdish factions in northern iraq in the past three days , wounded kurdish fighters told the iranian news agency monday .
the djibouti government monday signed a peace agreement with the armed opposition front for the restoration of unity and democracy -lrb- <unk> .
pakistan has closed india 's consulate general in karachi , the foreign secretary najmuddin sheikh announced here monday .
a gangway was put in place at the rear of a hijacked airbus airliner with ### people on board at the airport here on monday , an afp correspondent reported .
the french government on monday renewed its appeal to french nationals residing in algeria to leave the former french colony unless their presence was <unk> in the wake of the hijacking of an air france jetliner to marseille .
share prices rose during morning trading on monday and the cac ## index was showing a gain of #.## percent to #,###.## points .
paris share prices rose during morning trading on monday , and the cac ## index was showing a gain of #.## percent to #,###.## points .
the state security court monday sentenced ## moslem fundamentalists , accused of carrying out a massacre , to prison sentences ranging from three to ## years .
an air ukraine plane and its ## passengers were left stranded here after four members of its crew were killed and seven others injured in a road accident , officials said monday .
a bodyguard protecting the mayor of jenin shot and wounded five people here monday in a dispute over a public auction of market and parking places , witnesses said .
the us group att has signed a ###-million-dollar contract with the riyadh-based advanced electronics company -lrb- aec -rrb- for the local manufacture of printed circuit boards for the saudi telephone system .
game ranger jack <unk> shot dead three suspected poachers in a gunfight in kruger park , south africa 's showpiece game reserve in eastern transvaal province , police said monday .
ten moslem separatist guerrillas and one indian police officer have been killed in separate incidents in strife-torn kashmir in ## hours , the press trust of india reported monday .
two trades unions representing pilots and technical flight crew of the air inter unit of air france urged the group to suspend flights to algeria on monday in reaction to the hijack of an air france airliner , which went from algiers to marseille .
monday 's first day <unk> scoreboard in the second test between south africa and new zealand at kingsmead here .
new zealand had their backs to the wall at ###-# when bad light stopped play two minutes before the tea interval on the first day monday of the second test against new zealand at kingsmead here .
israel 's education ministry has abandoned plans to run a course on ##th century genocide , including the turkish massacre of armenians , in the country 's schools .
french firm <unk> , a subsidiary of usinor-sacilor steel group , is expected to announce a cut of ### to ### jobs next year at a january # meeting of its central works council , a union source said monday .
syrian foreign minister faruq al-shara held talks on the middle east peace process here monday with russian deputy foreign minister viktor possuvaliuk , the official news agency sana reported .
airline officials on monday provided fresh supplies of <unk> airplane meals to the hijacked air france jet grounded at marseille airport with ### hostages on board , the company said .
the french treasury auctioned fixed-rate zero-coupon treasury bills on monday with a total value of nine billion francs -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- , it announced in paris .
pakistan , accusing its rival india of orchestrating `` acts of terrorism and violence '' in karachi , closed down the indian consulate in the troubled city and expelled an indian diplomat it accused of spying .
three swiss climbers were swept to their deaths by an avalanche monday morning in the <unk> region of eastern switzerland , police said .
yemeni president ali abdallah saleh will visit saudi arabia in the next few days to try to resolve a border dispute between the two neighbors , yemen 's parliament speaker said here monday .
two passengers were released monday from an air france airbus held by hijackers at marseille airport with some ### people on board , a journalist at the scene reported .
leading pakistani poet <unk> shakir was killed when her car was hit by a passenger bus here monday , the associated press of pakistan -lrb- app -rrb- news agency reported .
nepal 's new communist leadership on monday presented a ##.##-billion - rupee -lrb- ###.#-million-dollar -rrb- budget for the first half of #### .
the israeli parliament monday adopted by a large majority a law aimed at preventing official plo activities in jerusalem .
the hijacked air france jet grounded at marseille airport on monday began <unk> away from the position where it had been since arriving towards the control tower , according to an afp journalist on the spot .
the first vietnamese economic delegation to visit israel began an official four-day trip monday to explore areas for cooperation with the jewish state , the foreign ministry said .
the hijacked air france jet grounded at marseille airport on monday taxied away from the position where it had been since arriving there , according to an afp journalist at the scene .
turkey 's state security court monday sentenced ## moslem fundamentalists to jail sentences ranging from three to ## years for their part in a massacre in which ## people were burned alive .
the national museum at ile-ife has been closed <unk> following the theft of ## works of art , an afp correspondent reported from this historic town .
with top-of-the-table rivals blackburn kicking off their game at manchester city seven hours later , manchester united made the most of their early start by returning to the top of the english premiership with a thrilling #-# victory at chelsea .
french official foreign exchange reserves were little changed in november by comparison with october , the economics ministry and the bank of france announced on monday .
some ## prisoners have been freed after receiving a christmas day pardon from their president , captain valentine strasser , prison officials said in the west african country 's capital freetown monday .
france said monday it was suspending all french air and sea links with algeria over a hijack drama involving an air france jet carrying ### passengers .
electricity was cut and windows were broken early monday when a moderate earthquake struck parts of northern california , officials said .
traffic resumed on monday on all routes of <unk> airline after the end of a strike launched last wednesday by the airline 's commercial flying staff , management sources said in libreville .
authorities on monday ordered the immediate evacuation of the main terminal at marseille airport , outside which algerian fundamentalist hijackers were holding ### hostages aboard an air france jet .
forty-two prisoners , some of them murderers and robbers , were on the run monday after staging jail breaks from three prisons in south africa 's kwazulu-natal province , a correctional services spokesman said monday .
the israeli parliament monday adopted by a large majority a law aimed at preventing official plo activities in jerusalem -- a move condemned by the plo as a violation of the autonomy deal .
at least ## people have been killed in clashes between rival kurdish factions in northern iraq in the past three days , wounded kurdish fighters told the iranian news agency monday .
the paris bourse chalked up a substantial gain on monday , the first day of the january trading month , as the cac ## index finished at #,###.## points - up #.## percent from the friday close .
dozens of russian human rights militants were detained here monday for five hours after trying to set up pickets against the russian bombing of rebel chechnya 's capital of grozny , human rights activists said .
china is planning legislation to strengthen state control over the country 's central bank and over major monetary and lending policies , the official xinhua news agency reported monday .
hijackers holding ### hostages on board an air france jet on monday broke off all radio contact with negotiators , officials said , after they reportedly gave authorities an ultimatum .
four people -- three men and a woman -- were killed monday afternoon when their private plane hit a power line <unk> and crashed near <unk> airport , east of london , firemen said .
south africa , looking to square the test series against new zealand , had the tourists in dire straits at ###-# when bad light stopped play two hours early on the first day monday of the second test at kingsmead here .
two burglars , who attempted to remove a safe deposit box from a southend shop , spent christmas night stuck in a lift which stopped because of the excessive weight , police said monday .
french forces monday stormed the hijacked air france plane held by algerian fundamentalists at marseille airport , an afp correspondent at the scene said .
italian actor rossano <unk> , archetype of the `` latin lover '' in #### 's hollywood movies , has died aged ## , his family said monday .
the seizure of an air france jet in algiers saturday is the latest in a series of hijackings of aircraft in the past two years and highlights the resurgence of a tactic that first came into its own in the ####s .
the armed wing of the islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- threatened monday to carry out five new car bomb attacks on israelis that would kill `` more than ### soldiers .
french anti-terrorist forces stormed a hijacked french airliner held here by algerian fundamentalists , killing all five hostage takers , reliable sources said .
four hijackers holding ### people hostage on board an air france plane at marseille airport were killed and four people wounded , one of them the pilot , when crack french troops launched an operation to storm the plane , reliable sources said .
a hardline islamic organization , the armed islamic group -lrb- gia -rrb- -- the most militant of algeria 's fundamentalist armed groups -- monday claimed responsibility for the air france airbus hijack .
the united states and the european union reached a compromise agreement over the weekend on trade compensation to the united states for eu expansion , a european commission spokesman announced on monday .
the storming of an air france jetliner by french police monday was the latest in a series of assaults to free hijacked planes over the past ## years .
twenty-five jewish immigrants from the breakaway russian republic of chechnya are to arrive in israel on tuesday on a special flight , the jewish agency in charge of immigration said monday .
israeli army chief of staff ehud barak on monday ruled out extending the jewish state 's self-declared security zone in south lebanon to combat guerrilla attacks .
robert louis-dreyfus , chairman of adidas group since april last year , and two partners have acquired ### percent of adidas international holding , which owns ## percent of the sports articles group , according to a communique released in paris on monday .
king hussein of jordan on monday warned against inflated hopes of a rapid economic improvement in his country following its october ## peace treaty with israel .
thai-owned cambodia international airlines -lrb- cia -rrb- protested monday against the `` capricious action '' taken by cambodian aviation authorities in closing down its phnom penh operations , a cia statement said .
chinese lawmakers have called for a minimum state funding level for education to be set into law and for the establishment of private schools , in a bid to ease chronic cash shortages in the country 's educational system , a report said monday .
the kenyan authorities have evicted hundreds of displaced members of the pro-opposition kikuyu ethnic group from a refugee camp in rift valley province , relief workers said monday .
the french franc posted a small gain against the german mark on monday on the paris market in very light trading resulting from the closure of the majority of other markets the day after christmas .
poet mahmud darwish has condemned the poor quality of fellow palestinian artists , saying their lack of culture meant they would be judged as unworthy of independence .
wigan staged a dramatic late revival to snatch a ##-## victory in an enthralling game with st helens to maintain their three point lead over leeds at the top of the english championship here on monday .
the head of the abu dhabi development fund has been found drowned in the gulf after he went missing during a boat trip on friday , al - ittihad daily reported monday .
president bill clinton is sending a high-ranking special envoy to north korea in a further bid to win the release of a downed us army helicopter pilot , an administration official said monday .
an egyptian judge and writer has accused saudi arabia and sunni moslem authorities of trying to have him assassinated , in an interview with the weekly rose al-yussef .
president bill clinton is sending a high-ranking special envoy to north korea in a further bid to win the release of a downed us army helicopter pilot , an administration official said monday .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin is currently on a ground-breaking visit to the gulf arab state of oman for talks with sultan qaboos ben said , the official omani news agency ona said monday .
the united states is sending a high-ranking special envoy to north korea to discuss the release of a downed us army helicopter pilot at the request of pyongyang , the state department said monday .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin is currently on a ground-breaking visit to the gulf arab state of oman for talks with sultan qaboos ben said , the official omani news agency ona said monday .
blackburn rovers made a quick return to the top of the english premiership here on monday night with a #-# win at manchester city after reigning champions manchester united had led the table for just seven hours following a #-# victory at chelsea earlier in the day .
the first code of ethics has been published for the israeli army , the head of army personnel said here monday .
tourism has been banned in egypt 's desert regions for five years in order to protect endangered species of animals , tuesday 's editions of al-ahram daily reported .
ten thousand private mosques in egypt will go under government control in #### to reduce the influence of islamic fundamentalists , the minister of waqf or religious endowments said in an interview in tuesday 's press .
an egyptian women battered her husband almost to death after he said he would not take her out to celebrate the new year , al-ahram daily reported on monday .
north korea on tuesday accused the united states of a `` deliberate act of espionage '' in connection with the december ## downing of a us military helicopter , the official kcna news agency reported tuesday , in a despatch monitored here .
police arrested leftist opposition leader oscar eid franco in a police raid monday after investigators linked him to imprisoned drug traffickers , an opposition lawmaker said .
police arrested leftist opposition leader oscar eid franco in a police raid monday after investigators linked him to imprisoned drug traffickers , an opposition lawmaker said .
the state department monday condemned the hijacking of an air france jet in algeria by islamic fundamentalists who killed three passengers before the drama ended violently in france .
the dollar was traded at ###.## yen at #:## a.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- tuesday in tokyo , up #.## yen from the late monday quote here of ###.## yen .
the us subsidiary of germany 's deutsche bank will buy the commercial finance unit of itt corporation for about four billion dollars , officials of the two firms said monday .
two new <unk> handgun bullets are about to go on sale in the united states over police objections : one that rips through human flesh and another that zips through bulletproof vests .
the successful storming monday by elite french para-military police of an airbus hijacked by islamic militants , recalled past attacks on hijacked planes , often with much higher casualties .
share prices opened lower on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday , with the nikkei stock average falling ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
a group of former hostages from the airbus hijacked by algerian islamic militants , arrived shortly at ##:## a.m. at paris orly airport from marseille where special forces stormed the aircraft and killed the hijackers monday evening .
shane warne put the skids under england as the tourists tumbled to be all out for ### on the third morning of the second ashes cricket test against australia here tuesday .
scoreboard during the third day of the second ashes cricket test between australia and england at the melbourne cricket ground here tuesday .
australia built a lead ## runs over england by lunch on third day of the second ashes cricket test here tuesday .
israel praised the french government tuesday for its `` courageous decision '' to storm an airbus hijacked the previous day by islamic militants in algiers .
north korea , charging `` deliberate espionage '' by the united states , said tuesday it would not release downed us helicopter pilot bobby hall and indicated it would use him as a hostage to bargain a peace treaty with the united states .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin , said on returning from a ground - breaking first visit to oman that his trip was an `` encouragement '' to pursue contacts with arab leaders .
tokyo stocks fell back on profit taking tuesday morning , while the dollar moved narrowly against the yen in thin trading .
dutch queen beatrix will visit indonesia next year , indonesian president suharto said tuesday , adding that he hoped the visit would lead to closer ties between the two countries .
australia built up a lead of ### runs over england , with eight second innings wickets intact , by tea on the third day of the second ashes cricket test here tuesday .
the nikkei stock average of ### selected issues on the tokyo stock exchange stood at ##,###.## at # p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- tuesday , up ##.## points , or #.# percent .
the man charged with firebombing a new york subway was too seriously burnt to be arraigned for attempted murder this week , his lawyer said .
social democrat karl schiller , a respected former economy and finance minister , has died in hamburg at the age of ## , his doctors said tuesday .
hundreds of jewish settlers and palestinians prepared tuesday to do battle over rival claims to land at the site of the jewish settlement of <unk> in the west bank , military sources said .
japanese share prices closed #.## percent lower here tuesday with the leading index dampened by small-lot profit taking , brokers said .
the rand lost ground against the dollar in thin trade here early tuesday , opening after the holiday weekend at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback against #.#### \/ ## at close on friday .
china 's shift to a market economy is blocking the publication of academic books , with publishers opting for more commercially viable titles as state support for the sector declines , xinhua reported .
justice minister dullah omar said tuesday he had ordered an inquiry into the recent death of an aids sufferer at pretoria central prison .
two men armed with toy guns were shot dead by police in separate incidents in black townships near <unk> over the christmas weekend , a police spokesman said tuesday .
the dollar rose slightly on the tokyo foreign exchange market on tuesday in the absence of incentives .
france is suspending french airline flights between france and algeria for a few days until new security measures are introduced , french transport minister bernard bosson said on tuesday .
somalia 's largest islamic organization , the al-itihad al-islam or unity of islam , tuesday appealed to the somalis not to recognize any future government in the country if it was not based on the islamic law .
chronic water shortages in shanxi are threatening to force the relocation of three major cities , one of which is the capital of the province in northern china , the china daily said on tuesday .
former malawian president kamuzu banda , officially said to be ## but believed to be in his ##s , is receiving treatment at a private clinic in johannesburg , a hospital spokeswoman said .
troops and police made dozens of arrests tuesday as they dispersed hundreds of palestinians and israeli peace protesters trying to prevent settlers building at a new west bank site , military sources said .
two gunmen attacked a bank in the iranian capital , fatally wounding the security guard and injuring a female employee , official sources said tuesday .
the mufti of egypt , sheikh sayyed tantawi , will give talks on islam 's rejection of terrorism during a ##-day visit to the united states beginning on monday , the government daily al-ahram reported .
moslem extremists have threatened to behead five land surveyors being held hostage outside this southern town if the military does not halt an offensive on the rebel base , it was revealed tuesday .
australia took a ### run lead over england with seven second innings wickets intact at the end of the third day of the second test here tuesday .
israeli soldiers shot and wounded a palestinian trying to force his way through a military roadblock tuesday near rafah in the south of the self-ruled gaza strip , military sources said .
shane warne and craig mcdermott eclipsed more personal milestones as they again destroyed england and then let their batsmen build up a commanding lead in the second test on tuesday .
france suspended air and sea links with algeria tuesday `` for several days '' until tighter security measures have been introduced after the hijacking of a french airliner left seven people dead and ## injured .
former finance minister karl schiller , one of the main architects of the post-war german economy , has died at the age of ## , hospital officials said tuesday .
the ruble fell to #,### to the dollar here on tuesday from #,### on monday .
`` everybody is pretty happy right now , but we still have to get the wickets in the second innings and make sure we go #-# up , '' warne said .
sticks of dynamite were found hidden under seats in the hijacked air france airbus which french special forces stormed at marignane airport north of here , police chief alain <unk> tuesday .
us deputy assistant secretary of state tom hubbard may consult south korean officials before crossing into north korea to negotiate the return of a captured us airman , the foreign ministry said tuesday .
new south wales open organisers are delaying naming jennifer capriati as a wildcard for next month 's tournament in the hope of getting swiss teenager martina hingis into the main draw .
france suspended air and sea links with algeria tuesday `` for several days '' until tighter security measures have been introduced after the hijacking of a french airliner left seven people dead and ## injured .
russia has sent a group of experts to pyongyang to discuss providing north korea with light-water nuclear reactors , a russian diplomat was quoted as saying tuesday .
the mark fell to #.#### french francs in early trading here on tuesday from #.#### at the close on monday .
the traditional wave of lunar new year executions in china began here tuesday with the shooting of eight persons accused of murder and theft , the beijing evening news reported .
swedish insurance group trygg-hansa has signed an agreement in principle with zurich insurance of switzerland for the refinancing of trygg-hansa 's us subsidiary , home holding inc , trygg-hansa said on tuesday .
the russian army blazed at chechen positions on this key hilltop west of the chechnya capital grozny on tuesday and was preparing for an all-out assault , chechen soldiers said .
india 's first conference on gay rights opened here tuesday at a secret location .
south korean prosecutors tuesday dropped the indictment of kim dae - jung , a three-time presidential candidate , despite his alleged receipt of illegal political funds , a press report said .
roh <unk> , son of former president roh tae-woo , made his political debut tuesday as the ruling democratic liberal party -lrb- dlp -rrb- held out an olive branch to supporters of the past military-backed government .
some ### cuban refugees have arrived at stockholm 's arlanda airport from across europe to seek asylum in sweden , swedish police said tuesday .
some ## suspected neo-nazis have been arrested in central and southern germany recently in connection with several politically motivated offenses , police here said tuesday .
us deputy assistant secretary of state tom hubbard will consult south korean officials before crossing into north korea to discuss the return of a captured us airman , the foreign ministry said tuesday .
tuesday 's second day lunch scoreboard in the second test between south africa and new zealand at kingsmead here .
at least ## people , including eight who were gunned down in their family home , were killed in a violence-wracked christmas weekend in kwazulu-natal province , police said tuesday .
moslem separatists gunned down a hindu politician in kashmir on tuesday , sparking hindu mob violence and forcing authorities to call out the indian army in the border state , police said .
iran and libya have called for a united islamic stand to urge russia to end its `` massacre '' in the breakaway republic of chechnya , tehran radio said tuesday .
corruption at government level has cost brazilian taxpayers ## billion dollars , according to an ##-month study presented to president-elect fernando henrique cardoso .
a french pilot union tuesday said it was opposed to the resumption of air france flights to algeria `` for as long as emergency measures have not been decided '' in the wake of the hijacking of a french jetliner .
iran on tuesday condemned a surprise visit to oman by israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin , saying efforts to boost ties with the jewish state could provoke a crisis in the gulf arab monarchies .
a member of taiwan 's top government watchdog tuesday called into question the quality and capability of the country 's only locally - built fighter , recommending that fewer of the planes are produced .
russian president boris yeltsin on tuesday ordered an end to the bombardment of the chechen capital grozny and ordered his troops to disarm secessionist fighters in the secessionist republic of chechnya .
a lebanese woman in israel 's pay was arrested in connection with a deadly bombing here last week which killed four people , including a key hezbollah security chief , a high-ranking lebanese official said on tuesday .
scoreboard at the end of new zealand 's first innings in the second test against south africa at kingsmead here tuesday .
the leader of four algerian islamic militants who hijacked a french airliner was from the toughest faction of the armed islamic group based in the capital 's main islamic militant stronghold , algerian sources said tuesday .
a gritty <unk> partnership of ## between new zealand 's overnight pairing of shane thomson and danny morrison thwarted south africa 's bid to take command of the second cricket test on the second day at kingsmead here tuesday .
president nelson mandela 's right-hand man , veteran anti-apartheid activist walter sisulu , ## , has fallen seriously ill , the national news agency sapa said tuesday .
a price war cut sales income from software for small computers in western europe by ## percent to ### million dollars in the third quarter from the figure for the second quarter , the software publishers association -lrb- spa -rrb- said on tuesday .
two banned bahraini opposition groups on tuesday called on the government to open dialogue with shiite moslem protest leaders to end conflict which has left an estimated ## people dead in the gulf state .
palestinian officials tuesday accused israel of `` backing '' jewish settler expansion in the west bank , and said the moves could endanger peace talks .
pakistan beat sri lanka on tuesday but failed to qualify for the south asian association for regional cooperation -lrb- saarc -rrb- cricket tournament final on run-rate .
four white father priests were murdered tuesday in the algerian city of tizi-ouzou , ### kilometers -lrb- ## miles -rrb- east of here , roman catholic church officials said .
the frankfurt stock market scored a moderate gain on tuesday in the wake of a three-day christmas weekend as the dax index finished the day at #,###.## , up #.## percent from #,###.## at last friday 's close .
the hungarian parliament adopted the #### budget allowing for a deficit of ###.# billion forints -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- on tuesday .
president fidel ramos on tuesday launched a new growth corridor aimed at spurring economic growth in the philippine capital and three provinces to the east .
the cambodian government is to ban logging companies from cutting new trees from january and will stop all timber exports from may # , agriculture minister tao seng <unk> said tuesday .
retail sales in italy rose by four percent in august from the same month last year , the national statistics office istat announced on tuesday .
flights by the near-bankrupt spanish iberia airline are due to be disrupted for ## days from wednesday by a strike by pilots in protest against a restructuring plan to shed #,### jobs .
battles raged for the fourth day between rival kurdish groups in northern iraq tuesday , prompting the united nations to halt aid deliveries as the iraqi official press said at least ### people had been killed .
three french missionary priests and one belgian were murdered tuesday in the algerian city of tizi-ouzou , ### kilometers -lrb- ## miles -rrb- east of algiers , the french foreign ministry said here .
scoreboard at tea on the second day tuesday of the second cricket test between south africa and new zealand at kingsmead here .
russian president boris yeltsin on tuesday ordered an end to the bombardment of the chechen capital grozny and ordered his troops to disarm secessionist fighters in the tiny republic of chechnya .
a knife-wielding man stabbed three men tuesday in a commercial center in luton , west of here , killing one , police said .
farmers working a land plot near an ancient buddhist temple complex in jambi , central sumatra , have unearthed a large bronze vessel of unknown use and type , the antara news agency said tuesday .
france was urged here tuesday to `` revise '' its stand towards algeria after the successful storming of the hijacked air france airbus .
sales of previously owned homes in the united states fell #.# percent in november , reaching their lowest level in ## months , the national association of realtors said tuesday .
thousands of people gathered at a stadium in northern mogadishu tuesday to protest an attack by gunmen on the home of a sheikh who founded islamic law courts in the city , witnesses said .
un special envoy to angola , alioune blondin beye , will wednesday meet zambian president fredrick chiluba to discuss developments in angola after the lusaka peace agreement was signed a month ago , a senior zambian government official confirmed tuesday .
the white fathers missionary society , four of whose priests were murdered in algeria on tuesday , has links with the country dating back to #### , when the congregation was founded there .
beijing vowed tuesday to crack down on chinese institutions that engage in futures trading in foreign exchange , the official xinhua news agency reported .
several members of the kurdish `` parliament '' in northern iraq have staged a sit-in in the assembly building to protest the latest clashes between rival factions in the region , the iranian news agency irna reported tuesday .
thai police reported #,### cases of prostitution during four months ending in august , with the vast majority resulting in convictions , a government statement said tuesday .
dutch police on tuesday arrested four people accused of having been paid to help hundreds of tamils to illegally enter the netherlands and other european countries since #### , police said .
the israeli army on tuesday expelled ## palestinians studying in the occupied west bank town of nablus to the self-rule gaza strip , military sources said .
iran and libya have called for a united islamic stand to urge russia to end its `` massacre '' in the breakaway republic of chechnya , tehran radio said tuesday .
egyptian president hosni mubarak on tuesday ratified the death sentences against islamic militants convicted of murdering two german tourists and two egyptians at a red sea resort in september .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga left for the neighbouring republic of maldives tuesday , her first foreign tour since becoming head of state last month .
thirty-two chechen jews arrived in israel tuesday on board a special flight chartered by the jewish agency , the organization in charge of immigration said .
the german state of bavaria on tuesday deported a kurd to turkey despite a federal suspension on expulsions following the jailing in ankara of eight kurdish deputies on separatism charges .
chechen president dzhokhar dudayev 's eldest son was badly wounded in fighting between <unk> forces loyal to his father and russian troops trying to crush the caucasus republic 's quest for independence , interfax reported tuesday .
france and china have signed a financial protocol to finance projects in the gas , electricity , telecommunications and water sectors , the french economics ministry announced on tuesday .
a woman who weighed ### pounds -lrb- ### kilograms -rrb- shot her husband dead in his sleep after he had told her something needed to be done about her <unk> , state police said .
the <unk> passenger of the year at rome 's leonardo da vinci airport at fiumicino boarded a plane for london tuesday afternoon .
the french franc and the dollar were stable over-all on tuesday on the paris foreign exchange market , as trading remained very light because of a second holiday in london after the monday closing .
new zealand struck back at south africa on the second day of the second cricket test at kingsmead here tuesday , adding ## for their final two wickets and then pegging back the home side to ###-# by the time bad light stopped play .
leading european stock markets were mixed on tuesday , while the biggest of them all , london , was closed for a second straight day after christmas , but will reopen on wednesday .
tottenham hotspur took their unbeaten run to seven games here on tuesday with a #-# draw against london rivals crystal palace but gave their fans little to cheer in a largely dreary encounter that yielded only a handful of goal opportunities .
the spanish parliament adopted the #### national budget on tuesday , which forecasts real economic growth of #.# percent , inflation at #.# percent , receipts of ##.# trillion pesetas -lrb- ###.# billion dollars -rrb- and expenditures of ##.# trillion pesetas .
the plo said tuesday it would ignore a new israeli law banning it from conducting political activities in jerusalem , the day after israeli deputies voted the measure .
the ex-communist bulgarian socialist party won an absolute parliamentary majority following general elections , according to final results published tuesday by the electoral commission .
former african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- deputy president walter sisulu , ## , has been admitted to hospital here suffering from `` mild heart failure , '' a hospital spokeswoman said tuesday .
the spanish government tuesday announced it was budgeting ## billion pesetas -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- for renovation of the prado museum here .
hardline palestinian leaders said tuesday that they had met with senior iraqi officials to discuss how to torpedo the israel-plo autonomy accords .
seventeen iraqi and syrian nationals were arrested after they were found hidden in a truck traveling from the belarus capital minsk to sweden , police said here tuesday .
congolese police shot dead tuesday two opposition militia fighters as they were attempting to free a group of their comrades who had been arrested for armed robbery , police in this central african country said .
a trainee british priest was arrested tuesday after greek customs authorities at <unk> on the turkish border found him in possession of #.# kilograms of heroin , judicial sources said here .
pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto said tuesday the closing of the indian <unk> in karachi was an `` unpleasant '' decision , but it had to be taken in the interest of national security .
bangladesh 's opposition on tuesday accused the government of ignoring their demands and reiterated they would resign en masse by #:## p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- wednesday .
king hussein of jordan arrived in the southern austrian town of graz tuesday for medical treatment , hospital sources said .
retail sales of consumer goods in china in #### are expected to shoot up ##.# percent compared with this year year to #.## trillion yuan -lrb- about ### billion dollars -rrb- , minister of internal trade zhang <unk> said tuesday .
western province scored their highest-ever total against a touring side -- ### for nine -- against pakistan on the second day of their four-day cricket match at newlands here tuesday .
rain washed out all play at st george 's park here on the second day tuesday of the four-day <unk> match between eastern province and sri lanka .
russian bombers on tuesday evening hit the strategic town of argun , ## kilometres -lrb- nine miles -rrb- east of grozny , capital of the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya , a chechen government spokesman said .
the polish government has called for a special review of the decision to grant conditional freedom to a former secret policeman imprisoned for the murder in #### of a well-known priest active in the solidarity campaign .
itt corporation announced tuesday it has sold two branches of its financial operations and had accepted a bid on a third .
a special us envoy arrived in seoul late tuesday en route to north korea to negotiate the release of a downed us pilot , a state department spokesman said .
saint petersburg mayor anatoly sobchak accused the russian prosecutor general tuesday of holding up the burial of the remains of the last russian czar , interfax news agency said .
french prime minister edouard balladur tuesday condemned the `` shame and cowardice '' of the killers of four missionaries , three french and one belgian , murdered at the town of tizi-ouzou ### kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- east of algiers .
un bosnia commander lieutenant-general sir michael rose will try to enter the embattled bihac enclave in northwestern bosnia on wednesday , un spokesman alexander ivanko said tuesday .
unidentified assailants desecrated a jewish cemetary at <unk> in the southern german state of baden wuerttemberg , pushing over ## gravestones and smashing some of them , police said tuesday .
the spanish pilots ' union <unk> late tuesday called off a ##-day strike at the near-bankrupt state-owned airline iberia , just hours before it was due to have started , union president justo <unk> announced .
russian warplanes dropped at least six bombs tuesday evening on the small town of <unk> , ## kilometres -lrb- nine miles -rrb- southwest of grozny , capital of the breakaway republic of chechnya , afp correspondents in the area reported .
striking baseball players have taken the club owners to court in a bid to have the salary cap they imposed last week declared illegal .
norwich goalkeeper andy marshall made one mistake in an otherwise flawless debut performance when his poor positioning allowed norwegian lars bohinen to score direct from a corner to give nottingham forest a #-# victory at the city ground here on tuesday .
the archbishop of paris cardinal jean-marie lustiger tuesday hailed the courage of the four missionaries of the order of the white fathers murdered in algeria .
the dollar declined against the other major currencies except the japanese yen early tuesday in a quiet market after the extended christmas holiday weekend .
texas became the second most populated state in the union in #### , behind california but ahead of new york , the census bureau announced tuesday .
a policeman was killed and another injured tuesday in an attack by islamist radicals aboard a train traveling in the nag hammadi region ### kilometres -lrb- ### miles -rrb- south of cairo , police sources said .
the mexican peso fell sharply again tuesday against the dollar as us officials called the sudden decline in the currency unjustified .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin will re-examine the expansion of a jewish settlement on the west bank amid fears it could harm the peace process , a senior foreign ministry official said tuesday .
a federal judge tuesday blocked a <unk> measure legalizing assisted suicide in oregon , which could prevent the law from being implemented for at least a year .
china has bought ###,### tonnes of corn and ##,### tonnes of soybean oil for delivery during fiscal year ####-## , the agriculture department said tuesday .
the republican party is set to take control of the us congress for the first time in ## years engendering wholesale changes in the key power positions in both the senate and house of representatives .
yugoslav army chief of staff general momcilo perisic on tuesday criticised the closure of the border between serbia and bosnian serb territory as `` artificial '' and against nature .
the dollar was traded at ###.## yen at #:## a.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- wednesday , up #.## yen from the late tuesday quote here of ###.## yen .
brand new hong kong <unk> exile challenged favorite tasmania for the lead in the ##th sydney-hobart yacht race wednesday as the front of the fleet completed the bass strait crossing .
the trauma for people held hostage by terrorists or common criminals may last for years unless treatment is given immediately after their release , psychiatrists said here .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
china 's cabinet has issued a circular ordering local governments to take strict measures to control price rises in the run-up to the spring festival in late january , xinhua reported wednesday .
scoreboard at lunch on the fourth day of the second ashes cricket test between australia and england at the melbourne cricket ground here wednesday .
a new study says ##.# million people in the united states have been homeless at least once in their lives , suggesting that the phenomenon is greater than believed .
david boon completed his ##th test century to swell australia 's lead to ### runs over england with seven second innings wickets intact on the fourth day of the second ashes cricket test here wednesday .
japan 's fuji heavy industries ltd. , producer of subaru cars , is expected to post its first net consolidated profit in six years in the year ending march #### , a company spokesman said wednesday .
two major japanese department store operators , mitsukoshi ltd. and <unk> inc. , have agreed to jointly buy and develop products for their stores to improve profitability , company officials said wednesday .
china has warned of a `` trade war '' should the united states implement a sanctions threat , reaffirming its tough stance just days ahead of washington 's deadline for beijing to improve copyright protection .
share prices edged up on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday morning with the nikkei stock average ending the session at ##,###.## , up ##.## points , or #.# percent .
new zealand wednesday has barred foreign boats from harvesting some species of tuna from its exclusive economic zone .
vietnam is to raise taxes on imports of consumer goods and fuels from january # in an effort to protect its own faltering manufacturers and rein in a growing trade deficit , a report said wednesday .
china has warned of a `` trade war '' should the united states implement a sanctions threat , reaffirming its tough stance just days ahead of washington 's deadline for beijing to improve copyright protection .
the zapatista national liberation army tuesday welcomed the government 's decision to recognize the national mediation committee as the mediator in the government-rebel conflict .
a seven-year-old boy has been arrested for murder in northern india after confessing to police that he threw a toddler into a well , a newspaper reported wednesday .
china hopes that hong kong 's plans for a new container port will go ahead , although china and britain have not yet been able to agree on the developers , the director of the mainland 's hong kong and macau affairs office says .
construction costs for china 's most ambitious railway project , to link beijing with hong kong , have doubled due to rising costs of materials , it was reported wednesday .
work on hong kong 's multi-billion us dollar new airport at chek lap kok has passed the half-way mark , it was reported wednesday .
scoreboard at tea on the fourth day of the second ashes cricket test between australia and england at the melbourne cricket ground here wednesday .
the nikkei stock average of ###-selected issues on the tokyo stock exchange stood at ##,###.## at # p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- wednesday , down ##.## points , or #.# percent .
australian captain mark taylor set england ### runs to win the second ashes cricket test in four sessions with a declaration at tea on the fourth day here wednesday .
china is to introduce new air control traffic regulations in the booming pearl river delta next week to ease congested flight routes around the provincial capital guangzhou , it was reported wednesday .
police have arrested and are detaining two french men for setting fire to christmas trees in front of rockefeller center christmas morning , a court source said tuesday .
militants from plo chief yasser arafat 's fatah group attacked members of the rival popular front for the liberation of palestine -lrb- pflp -rrb- late tuesday killing one person and wounding another , palestinian sources reported .
the zapatista national liberation army tuesday welcomed the government 's decision to recognize the national mediation committee as the mediator in the government-rebel conflict .
new russian air bombings were heard in and around the besieged chechen capital of grozny early wednesday , a day after russian president boris yeltsin ordered a halt to such attacks which might endanger civilians , correspondents in the area reported .
japanese share prices continued easing wednesday with the leading index closing #.# percent lower on futures-linked sales and profit taking after a recent rally , brokers said .
russian warplanes carried out new air strikes in and around the besieged chechen capital of grozny early wednesday , a day after president boris yeltsin ordered a halt to such attacks for fear of endangering civilians , correspondents said .
the dollar remained steady against the yen in light trading on the tokyo foreign exchange market wednesday as players failed to find fresh incentives .
two men were arrested wednesday following a record seizure of one tonne of cannabis with a market value of ## million hong kong dollars -lrb- #.# million us -rrb- , police said .
the head of taiwan 's hualon group and ## other group officials were indicted wednesday for allegedly manipulating stocks and triggering #.## billion taiwan dollar -lrb- ###.# million us -rrb- in defaults on payments here .
concern mounted wednesday when a vessel carrying ## chinese boatpeople landed in australia , the fourth in six days , bringing the total to ### people since mid-november .
japan 's pioneer corp. said wednesday it planned to boost its overseas production to ## percent of worldwide output in the fiscal year starting in april , up from an estimated ## percent in the current year .
the sri lankan authorities struggled to restore confidence among badly shaken foreign investors after a three-week strike at a japanese joint-venture porcelain factory ended wednesday .
the bangladesh government and opposition parties have reportedly offered fresh proposals in a last-ditch attempt to avert an opposition mass resignation from parliament wednesday .
israeli forces shelled several villages in south lebanon and a helicopter fired rockets wounding a child after a string of guerrilla attacks , security officials reported wednesday .
the rand was marginally weaker against the dollar wednesday , opening at #.#### \/ ## rands to the greenback after an overnight close of #.#### \/ ## .
the bundesbank made available a net sum of ### million marks -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- to the banking system here under a regular ##-day repurchase arrangement at an unchanged fixed rate of #.## percent , the bank said on wednesday .
the swedish paper group moelnlycke has reached an agreement with scott paper company of the us to acquire scott 's ## percent share in scott health care , moelnlycke said wednesday .
the lebanese defense ministry has suspended all firearms licences during the holiday season and warned revellers against shooting in the air to celebrate the new year .
saudi arabia 's king fahd , syrian president hafez al-assad and libyan leader moamer kadhafi were to take part in a summit here later wednesday at the invitation of egypt 's president hosni mubarak .
zimbabwe 's former wrestling champion , oliver <unk> , shot himself dead after killing his girlfriend and her sister in a suburb in harare , police said .
the head of the un special mission to afghanistan , mahmoud mestiri , has returned to his base here to renew efforts to achieve a peace agreement in the war-torn country , un officials said wednesday .
president fidel ramos on wednesday invited americans to see for themselves whether the philippines was the crime and violence-ridden country portrayed by a us state department travel advisory .
former african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- deputy president walter sisulu , ## , was recovering well from mild heart failure and will be moved from intensive care unit to a general ward wednesday , public radio reported .
england were heading towards defeat in the second test against australia after collapsing to ## for four by close of play wednesday .
indian troops launched a search operation in the indian state of nagaland on wednesday for tribal militants who killed an army officer and another soldier in an ambush , the press trust of india reported .
former african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- deputy president walter sisulu , ## , was wednesday moved from intensive care to a general ward and was recovering well after suffering from mild heart failure tuesday , a hospital spokeswoman said .
damascus insisted wednesday that israeli-syrian security arrangements should be balanced after an israeli withdrawal from the golan heights , rejecting the jewish state 's latest security demands .
a russian bomb hit an orphanage in an eastern district of the chechen capital grozny on wednesday , but nearly ### people , including ## children , escaped unscathed after taking refuge in an air raid shelter , correspondents said .
argentina , rebuilding slowly under new coach daniel passarella , struggled to beat yugoslavia #-# in a friendly football international here on tuesday .
drenching rain overnight prevented a ball from being bowled on the third day of the four-day cricket match between south africa 's eastern province and sri lanka here wednesday .
share prices here rose firmly in initial trading on wednesday in response to gains in new york and the footsie index of ### leading shares was showing a gain of ##.# points or #.# percent to #,###.# points .
australian pacemen craig mcdermott and damien fleming hammered speedy nails in england 's coffin on wednesday to push their rivals to the brink of a new defeat in the second test .
iran has found the remains of ### of its soldiers and militiamen killed in the ####-#### war against iraq , the official news agency irna reported wednesday .
mexico have made a bid to hold the #### world cup , fifa said here wednesday .
organisers of the boc solo round the world yacht race initiated a search and rescue operation off the south australian coast for french yachtswoman isabelle autissier on thursday .
russian troops launched an assault on grozny , the besieged capital of the breakaway republic of chechnya on wednesday , and broke through into city suburbs , a chechen government spokesman said .
fleming earned a special place in history at rawalpindi by dismissing aamir malik , inzamam ul haq and salim malik with consecutive balls in the second test .
syrian president hafez al-assad arrived in this northern egyptian city on wednesday for a summit with several arab leaders .
the peseta was weak when the foreign exchange market reopened here on wednesday after a four-day holiday , and the french franc rallied slightly , dealers said .
construction workers protected by the army pressed on with a project to expand a jewish settlement on the west bank on wednesday as prime minister yitzhak rabin ordered a government review .
the ruble fell sharply to #,### to the dollar here on wednesday from #,### on tuesday .
chechen defenders have pulled back to within five kilometres -lrb- three miles -rrb- from the center of the chechen capital grozny in at least two directions in the face of a russian ground assault , witnesses said wednesday .
indonesia has no choice but to turn to nuclear energy if it is to acquire the vast amount of electricity needed to power progress , a minister said here on wednesday .
india beat bangladesh by ## runs in the final of the four-nation south asian association for regional cooperation -lrb- saarc -rrb- limited-overs cricket tournament here wedesday .
wednesday 's second day lunch scoreboard in the second test between south africa and new zealand at kingsmead here .
germany had a #.# billion mark -lrb- ### million dollar -rrb- balance of payments deficit in october according to provisional figures , in contrast to a #.# billion mark surplus recorded in september 's definitive figures , the bundesbank said wednesday .
israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin on wednesday ordered the suspension of work to expand the <unk> settlement near bethlehem on the occupied west bank , state radio reported .
russian ground troops launched an assault on grozny , the besieged capital of the breakaway republic of chechnya on wednesday , and punched through into city suburbs , a chechen government spokesman said .
un bosnia commander lieutenant-general sir michael rose arrived wednesday in the mainly moslem enclave of bihac by helicopter from the croatian town of split , a un spokesman said .
the number of people in vietnam carrying human immune-deficiency virus , the precursor to aids , has broken the #,### barrier , the trade union daily lao dong reported .
in hot , humid conditions south africa 's batsmen labored to add ## runs to their overnight total of ### for five to go into lunch on ### for nine on the third day of the second test against new zealand here wednesday .
scores from india v bangladesh final of the south asian association for regional cooperation limited overs cricket tournament on wednesday .
former iranian prime minister mehdi bazargan is to travel abroad shortly for medical treatment , his relatives said wednesday .
the cambodian government on wednesday signed an agreement with malaysia airlines to set up the country 's sole national carrier , royal air cambodge , which will make its inaugural flight january # .
pilots of the iberia airline have abandoned a ##-day strike and have caved in to pay cuts of up to ## percent , opening the door to the main lines of a compromise rescue plan and reducing threatened job losses .
finland had a balance of trade surplus of #,### million marks -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in november , official figures showed on wednesday .
the french helicopter carrier jeanne d'arc arrived in this southern african port city for the first time since #### early wednesday to a ##-gun salute .
chinese premier li peng ended his first visit to burma wednesday with praise for rangoon 's efforts at `` national reconciliation '' and a rejection of claims that beijing wants to expand its influence in the region .
bangladesh 's main opposition leader sheikh hasina wajed on wednesday announced that opposition lawmakers would resign en masse after the government failed to accept their political demands .
the mcdonald 's fast-food chain plans to open ## outlets in britain , creating about #,### full-time or part-time jobs , in #### , the british subsidiary of the us group said on wednesday .
vladimir zhirinovsky , controversial leader of an ultra-nationalist russian political party , is to mark #### with the publication of a new book entitled `` i spit on the west '' , the itar-tass news agency reported wednesday .
libya wednesday called on washington to open a dialogue to resolve the crisis provoked by the lockerbie airliner bombing .
india plans to strengthen its anti-aids campaign with song and dance to spread awareness about the disease , officials here said wednesday .
chinese foreign minister qian qichen told a hong kong delegation to beijing on wednesday that he is ready and willing to visit britain to discuss the territory 's future , hong kong news media reported .
egyptian president hosni mubarak has accused jordan of reneging on an agreement with syria not to break ranks in peace talks with israel .
pope john paul ii wednesday condemned the `` barbaric killing '' of four roman catholic missionaries in algeria tuesday .
a french merchant navy union wednesday called on the government to declare algerian ports out of bounds to all french vessels until maritime staff had been informed of security measures .
russia has tightened security around its embassy in algiers and is to cut the number of its citizens working in algeria , according to a senior diplomat quoted in moscow wednesday by the interfax news agency .
<unk> profil of sweden , the sole manufacturer of rail track in scandinavia , has won an order from the swedish national railway authority <unk> , <unk> profil announced wednesday .
former socialist party leader giacomo mancini is to face court over alleged links with the mafia , judicial officials said wednesday .
more than ###,### young christians gathered in paris wednesday for the start of a three-day demonstration of faith bringing together believers from across europe .
cost and profit forecasts for a huge plant being built by volkswagen -lrb- vw -rrb- and ford to manufacture so-called <unk> cars in portugal no longer add up , vw said on wednesday .
london stocks rolled up a substantial gain during the first half of the wednesday session , thanks to confidence among british investors after several winning wall street sessions , traders said at lunchtime .
members of the german parliament with alcohol problems should have access to an information center in the lower house of parliament building , the free democrats , part of the governing coalition , said wednesday .
un bosnia commander lieutenant-general sir michael rose arrived wednesday in the moslem pocket of bihac in a bid to extend a five-day old bosnian ceasefire to the battleground enclave , un officials said .
pakistan officially denied on wednesday that its nationals were involved in fighting in the breakaway russian caucasus republic of chechnya .
some ## sierra leone rebels have been killed in clashes with an angry mob of civilians in the regional town of bo , according to reports reaching the capital wednesday .
france on wednesday expressed grave concern about a fresh air and ground assault on the rebel chechen capital grozny , calling on president boris yeltsin to keep a pledge over the safety of civilians there .
german insurance group <unk> und muenchener <unk> ag has pledged to boost its stake in french insurance group agf from #.# to # percent when agf is privatized , the two groups said on wednesday .
scoreboard at tea on the third day tuesday of the second cricket test between south africa and new zealand at kingsmead stadium here .
ipswich town , the bottom club in the english premiership , named george burley as their new manager in succession to john lyall here on wednesday .
spanish judge manuel garcia castellon on wednesday rejected an application by former banesto bank chief mario conde for release from jail , where he is awaiting trial on charges of fraud and embezzlement , judicial sources said .
the manufacturer of a new armor-piercing bullet said wednesday he would delay its release after a storm of public protest that the ammunition would be used by criminals .
israel on wednesday went back on a decision to suspend work to expand the jewish settlement of <unk> on the occupied west bank .
south africa 's inflation rate crept up slightly in november to #.# percent a year from the previous month 's #.# percent , figures released wednesday by the central statistical service -lrb- css -rrb- showed .
tanzania 's court of appeal on wednesday cleared the way for the first opposition party member to take a seat in parliament .
elf aquitaine oil group executive jacques <unk> , ## , died on tuesday in an accident in oman , the group announced on wednesday .
a bus driver said that he mistook a road safety official , standing by the side of a road , for an antelope and decided to run it over , the nigerian tribune newspaper reported here wednesday .
a senior plo official on wednesday became the first member of the self-rule authority to visit palestinian prisoners held in an israeli jail .
croatian president franjo tudjman has made an unprecedented foray into croatian territory held by separatist serbs and placed under un protection since the middle of #### .
court hearings at bologna into former world motor racing champion ayrton senna 's death at the san marino grand prix on may #st have been postponed to january .
top opposition leaders were wednesday huddled in a closed-door meeting with parliamentary speaker sheikh razzak ali after informing him of their mass resignation .
russia has tightened security around its embassy in algiers and is to cut the number of its citizens working in algeria , according to a senior diplomat quoted in moscow wednesday by the interfax news agency .
prime minister jean chretien announced wednesday that three parliamentary by-elections will be held on february ## .
angolan president jose eduardo dos santos will meet his zairean counterpart mobutu sese seko in january for talks designed to improve sometimes difficult relations , government officials said in launda wednesday .
fighting between rival kurdish factions in northern iraq escalated on wednesday , with major clashes around the town of arbil , the official iranian news agency irna reported .
polish airline lot said wednesday that it had signed cooperation agreements with lufthansa , austrian airlines and swissair for operation of the <unk> , <unk> and <unk> routes , respectively .
the chadian government has carried out a `` wave of arrests '' of members of the armed forces , causing `` unease '' in the forces , the chadian human rights league said wednesday .
indian troops launched a massive search operation wednesday for tribal rebels who killed an army officer in an ambush which left six other people dead in the remote state of nagaland , state-run radio said .
cambodian king norodom sihanouk , who has been recovering from cancer treatment in china , will return to cambodia january # , government and palace officials said wednesday .
blue-chip stocks on wall street were down early wednesday in quiet <unk> trading with investors concerned over the economic situation in mexico .
the frankfurt stock market scored a small gain on wednesday in very light trading , as the dax index finished at #,###.## points , up #.## percent by comparison with the tuesday close .
president bill clinton wednesday nominated dan glickman , a kansas democrat who lost his congressional seat at the last election , to be agriculture secretary .
scoreboard at the close of play on the third day wednesday of the second cricket test between south african and new zealand at kingsmead stadium here .
dan glickman , tapped wednesday to be agriculture secretary , has behind him nearly ## years of congressional experience and has been particularly active on farm policy , intelligence matters and health care .
us president bill clinton called wednesday for the prompt release of a downed us airman held in north korea , saying sternly that `` there is no reason for his detention .
president bill clinton wednesday nominated dan glickman , a kansas democrat who lost his congressional seat at the last election , to be agriculture secretary .
india and china plan to sign an agreement here thursday to boost cooperation between the two asian giants in the mining sector , state - run television station announced wednesday .
clashes between police and fundamentalists wednesday killed a civilian and six moslem militants in the troubled minya region of southern egypt , police said .
fleets of private aircraft have been flying in the rich and famous on their annual migration to the ski slopes of switzerland , contented tourism officials reported wednesday .
a california company announced wednesday the first computer industry agreement with apple computer incorporated for the rights to build macintosh clones .
the dollar was uneven against other major currencies early wednesday in very quiet trading , with dealers looking for guidance and marking time between the christmas and new year holidays .
jordan is ready to host a visit by plo chairman yasser arafat despite a frost in their relations fuelled by a dispute over the guardianship of moslem sites in jerusalem .
south africa 's dave richardson -lrb- ## not out -rrb- and fanie de villiers -lrb- ## -rrb- put on ## for a record tenth wicket partnership to take their side to ### in their first innings and a lead of ## on the third day of the second test against new zealand here wednesday .
some #,### people were stranded on highways in kashmir on wednesday as heavy snowfall and pounding rains cut off the himalayan state from the rest of india , press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- reported .
russian forces which wednesday launched a massive attack on defensive positions in grozny , capital of the breakaway republic of chechnya , by far outnumber and outgun separatist forces .
the paris bourse dropped sharply on wednesday as the cac ## index ended the day at #,###.## points , down #.## percent from the tuesday close .
cross-channel ferry company p and o came under fire from its main competitor wednesday after announcing a # franc -lrb- about one pound -rrb- day - return promotional fare offer from dover to calais .
russian forces which wednesday launched a massive attack on defensive positions in grozny , capital of the breakaway republic of chechnya , by far outnumber and outgun separatist forces .
fanny cradock , for ## years the bbc 's cookery program host , died tuesday aged ## , her family said .
scorecard at close of play on the third day of a four-day cricket match between south africa 's western province and pakistan here wednesday .
european governments were urgently reviewing security wednesday , in the aftermath of the hijacking of an air france airliner , looking at ways of protecting their nationals in algeria and preventing civil war from spilling across the mediterranean .
colts ' running back marshall faulk and miami tackle tim bowens have been named the national football league 's rookies of the year in voting by sports journalists across the country .
the london stock market recorded a moderate gain on wednesday , the first trading day after a four-day christmas break , as the footsie index advanced ##.# points or #.# percent to end at #,###.# points .
the spiritual guide of the hardline iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas on wednesday condemned the hijacking of a french airliner by algerian fundamentalists and the slaying of four priests in algeria .
john starks had his best game in more than a month as the new york knicks beat new jersey ##-## to help coach pat riley end the longest losing streak of his career .
un bosnian commander general michael rose met wednesday with dissident bosnian moslem leader fikret abdic and tried to convince him to accept a ceasefire with government forces , a un spokesman said here .
the iranian embassy to the vatican condemned wednesday `` the blind and inhuman action '' of the killers of four roman catholic priests at tizi ouzou , in algeria , in a message to their missionary order .
algeria may be added to a list of countries with a high risk of war activity at a meeting here of the war risks rating committee of london insurers early next year , said committee president tim <unk> wednesday .
india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party , in turmoil over a bitter leadership tussle , received another jolt wednesday when a senior leader said he was resigning .
the hardline islamic resistance movement hamas has formed a new fighting unit to honor a suicide bomber who killed himself and wounded ## others , mostly israelis , in jerusalem at the weekend .
militants from plo chief yasser arafat 's fatah faction attacked members of the rival popular front for the liberation of palestine -lrb- pflp -rrb- killing one and wounding at least one other , palestinians said wednesday .
western province 's ##-year-old jacques kallis scored his second ## of the match to help the side to a ###-run lead over pakistan on the third day of their four-day cricket match in this southern african city wednesday .
the french franc put on the best performance among european currencies on wednesday on the london forex market and the peseta the worst in very quiet <unk> trading , operators said in late afternoon .
two passenger buses crashed head-on sending one into a gas pipeline which exploded , killing at least ## people early wednesday in northeastern venezuela , officials said .
outgoing italian prime minister silvio berlusconi demanded wednesday that the country 's president oscar luigi scalfaro call a general election end of march and said he should remain in office until then .
german chancellor helmut kohl is to pay a private visit on french premier edouard balladur at his mountain ski retreat in chamonix next week , officials said wednesday .
central african republic voters wednesday snubbed a referendum on constitutional changes , staying away from polling stations in droves , correspondents here reported .
a briton caught red-handed with #.# kilogrammes of heroin was not the anglican priest he claimed to be but was using stolen documents , athens police said wednesday .
one of london 's traditional sights , the orderly queue of would-be passengers waiting for their elusive bus , will cease to be underpinned by the law from january # .
the <unk> consortium , led by us company air touch , won the second second mobile telephone license in spain , using the gsm system , public works minister jose <unk> announced on wednesday .
a greek parliamentary leader on wednesday proposed that presidents franjo tudjman of croatia and slobodan milosevic of serbia meet in athens to discuss mutual diplomatic recognition , the official croatian news agency hina reported here .
germans are showing rising interest in what the files kept by the secret police in the former east germany had to say about them , an official body reported wednesday , three years after the files were opened to the public .
the alleged ringleader of the october #### hijacking of a nigeria airways jet has been formally charged here after more than a year in custody , judicial sources in the niger capital said wednesday .
the extreme loyalist ulster democratic party , close to protestant paramilitary groups , called wednesday for official talks with the main moderate catholic grouping in northern ireland , the social democratic and labor party .
the latest surge in tension between algeria and france -- its biggest economic partner -- could threaten foreign investment in algeria , despite efforts by the french government , analysts said wednesday .
australian maxi yacht tasmania won a tight finish to the ### nautical mile sydney-to-hobart yacht race thursday , arriving in hobart shortly before #.## a.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- .
green bay 's star receiver sterling sharpe will miss the playoffs with a neck injury , coach mike holmgren confirmed here on wednesday .
this year 's `` toys for guns '' program aimed at getting weapons off new york streets netted just a fraction of the arms it brought in #### , prompting the organizer to stage a hunger strike in protest .
moscow 's military crackdown on chechnya has put an end to a three-year phoney war sparked by the rebel republic 's november #### unilateral declaration of independence .
a palestinian policeman shot and seriously wounded by israeli soldiers ## days ago died in hospital wednesday from his injuries , officials said here .
the director of the central intelligence agency -lrb- cia -rrb- , james woolsey has resigned , the white house said wednesday .
prosecutors on wednesday summonsed the editor of a bi-weekly islamic newspaper to appear in court over an article which alleged there was a us military base in egypt 's sinai region , judicial sources said .
the united states on wednesday welcomed the appointment of a lebanese delegation to talks on security in lebanon to be held next month in washington .
two-sport star deion sanders of the san <unk> ##ers has been voted national football league defensive player of the year by sports journalists nationwide .
central intelligence agency director james woolsey resigned wednesday after presiding over the worst spying case in the agency 's history .
a sexual harassment lawsuit against president bill clinton dating back to his days as arkansas governor will not go to trial until he leaves office , a judge ruled wednesday .
israel 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- increased by seven percent in #### , double the previous year 's rise , according to figures published wednesday by the national statistics office .
a prominent member of the corsican nationalist movement was shot dead wednesday near his home in bastia , bringing to ## the number of people murdered in corsican violence in the past year .
clashes between police and fundamentalists wednesday left a civilian and six moslem militants dead in the troubled minya region of southern egypt , police said .
france has expelled a tunisian imam who worked at a marseille mosque , an official source said wednesday .
blue-chip stocks on wall street closed lower wednesday after the us dollar fell on investor concern over the economic situation in mexico .
arab leaders opened a mini-summit here late wednesday to discuss inter-arab relations and the middle east peace process amid pressure from syria to close ranks and stop israel exploiting arab divisions .
the emir of bahrain on wednesday held talks with the saudi interior minister on the `` privileged relations '' between their two countries .
a <unk> cowboy enthusiast fired blanks at police before they shot him dead , british police confirmed wednesday .
the dollar fell sharply against the other major currencies wednesday amid investors ' concerns that the crisis over the mexican peso could spill over to the united states .
the spy scandal which rocked washington this year claimed another victim wednesday when the white house announced that central intelligence committee director james woolsey was leaving his post .
president bill clinton won a reprieve from the sexual harassment lawsuit against him when a judge ruled wednesday that the plaintiff must wait until he leaves office for the trial .
the new orleans saints , whose defense fell from among the best in the national football league to among the worst this season , sacked coordinator steve sidwell and line coach john pease wednesday .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale shook costa rica wednesday , but authorities reported no injuries or heavy damage .
the surviving pilot of a us military helicopter , downed in north korea , has confessed to being on a reconnaissance flight and has asked for leniency , the official north korean news agency said thursday .
the lagging mexican peso stabilized on exchange markets wednesday as the central bank nearly doubled the interest rate paid to bond holders in an effort to reassure investors .
asia 's growing demand for snack food and convenience stores will provide us food producers with a wider field for exporting their goods , according to an agriculture department official .
the growing rat population and poor garbage collection have caused the bubonic plague to spread through peru , where some ## people have died from the disease this year , the health ministry said wednesday .
green bay 's star receiver sterling sharpe has a neck injury that will require surgery and force him out of the national football league playoffs , team officials said wednesday .
the dollar held weak in early trading in tokyo thursday as it was traded at ##.## yen at # a.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , down from a late wednesday quote of ###.## yen .
share prices opened lower on the tokyo stock exchange thursday with the nikkei stock average at ##,###.## , down ###.## points , or #.# percent , from the overnight finish , in the first ## minutes of trading .
queen elizabeth ii grabbed a soda siphon to douse a fire after seeing smoke billowing from a room at windsor castle , a palace spokesman confirmed late wednesday .
president carlos roberto reina left honduras for the united states wednesday to undergo surgery to remove a polyp from his colon , the presidential doctor said .
president bill clinton won a reprieve from the sexual harassment lawsuit against him when a judge ruled wednesday that the plaintiff must wait until he leaves office for the trial .
scoreboard on the fifth and final day of the second ashes cricket test between australia and england at the melbourne cricket ground here thursday .
peruvian rainforest indians filed suit against texaco on wednesday seeking one billion dollars compensation for polluting their land and increasing cancer risks .
peruvian rainforest indians filed suit against texaco on wednesday seeking one billion dollars compensation for polluting their land and increasing cancer risks .
crack french solo yachtswoman isabelle autissier was found alive aboard her dismasted yacht thursday by an air force plane scouring stormy seas south of australia , the australian maritime safety authority said .
japan 's sony corp. said thursday it was considering expanding its sales in south africa through possible establishment of a joint sales company there .
china is set to face a shortage of major minerals early next century due to <unk> of limited resources and inadequate environmental protection , a senior official was quoted thursday as saying .
intensive bombing and shelling resumed round the capital of separatist chechnya early thursday after a brief lull , amid expectations of a new russian offensive on grozny .
share prices recovered from a morning plunge on the tokyo stock exchange thursday while the dollar also rebounded against the yen in early trading .
tamil guerrillas thursday launched a major attack on a small army camp in eastern sri lanka but government troops repulsed the assault , killing at least ## rebels , a military spokesman said .
shane warne gleaned cricket 's coveted prize for a bowler with a rare ashes hattrick in the second test here thursday against pitiful england .
authorities in the southeastern chinese coastal city of xiamen have executed a man who tried to sell two panda hides , it was reported thursday .
armenian president levon ter-petrossian has suspended one of the country 's main opposition parties after accusing it of involvement in political assassinations and drug trafficking .
china 's <unk> national swimming squad has pulled out of next month 's short-course world cup opening leg in hong kong , chinese swimming federation vice president yuan jiawei said thursday .
south korea will name former trade minister kim chul-su as ambassador for international trade in a move to help him in the race for the top post of the emerging world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- .
china 's parliament will convene its annual plenum on march # when drafts of a long-awaited central bank law and an education law will be submitted for approval , xinhua reported thursday .
vietnamese prime minister vo van kiet has ordered measures to punish two hong kong firms and their vietnamese partners who set up factories producing fake marlboro cigarettes , a report said thursday .
officials at a theater in northwest china , where ### people died in a fire , have been `` severely punished '' for shoving others aside and escaping instead of staying to help , a report said thursday .
<unk> in ashes tests between england and australia after shane warne 's achievement during the second test here thursday .
russia will abolish export quotas for oil next year but will oblige producers to give priority to meeting domestic demand , deputy prime minister oleg davydov was quoted by itar-tass as saying .
sri lankan troops repulsed a tamil attack on an army camp in the east of the island thursday killing at least ## guerrillas , a military spokesman said .
china is drafting a law banning military troops stationed in hong kong after the #### takeover from engaging in commerce , it was reported thursday .
victor co. of japan ltd. -lrb- jvc -rrb- , a major manufacturer of video cassette recorders -lrb- vcrs -rrb- , plans to introduce early next year a new vcr designed for the asian market , a company spokesman said thursday .
china 's telecommunications sector is seeking to smash the foreign monopoly on its booming digital switching market by merging domestic firms into powerful , competitive conglomerates , a report said thursday .
share prices more than offset a morning plunge on the tokyo stock exchange thursday while the dollar also rebounded against the yen in afternoon trading .
the number of killed drug traffickers and guerrillas outstripped the number of dead soldiers in colombia this year , said general camilo zuniga , commander of the armed forces .
mercurial leg-spinner shane warne celebrated a hattrick as english cricket plummeted to one of its lowest ebbs in a ###-run capitulation to australia in the second ashes test here thursday .
former world number one jim courier thursday accepted a wildcard entry into the australian men 's hardcourt tennis championship starting here next week .
algeria 's radical armed islamic group -lrb- gia -rrb- has claimed responsibility for the revenge murder of four european priests in eastern algeria after four gia hijackers of an air france jet were killed by french special forces .
the ###-million-yuan -lrb- ##.#-million-us-dollar -rrb- redevelopment of zhanjiang port in southern china 's guangdong province has been finished , and the port can now handle up to ##,### tonnes of cargo at one time , a press report said thursday .
algeria 's radical armed islamic group -lrb- gia -rrb- has claimed responsibility for the revenge murder of four european priests in eastern algeria after four gia hijackers of an air france jet were killed by french special forces .
japanese share prices showed a moderate rebound in thin trading thursday with the leading index closing #.# percent higher on a late bout of futures-linked buying , brokers said .
the state department has condemned belgrade 's seizure of the borba daily and its harassment of other independent media , and has reported new atrocities committed against the bosnian moslems .
iranian-backed hezbollah guerrillas opened up a fierce artillery barrage targeting israeli and south lebanon army -lrb- sla -rrb- positions in southern lebanon thursday , but there were no casualties , military officials said here .
troops shot dead an israeli bedouin arab at an army roadblock near hebron on the occupied west bank thursday after he tried to run over a soldier , military officials said .
the dollar recouped some of its overnight losses on the tokyo foreign exchange market on thursday as investors covered short positions in pre-holiday trading , dealers said .
the rand was higher against the dollar thursday , opening at #.#### \/ ## rands to the <unk> after an overnight close of #.#### \/ ## .
two giant bulldozers pressed on with work to expand a jewish settlement near bethlehem on the west bank thursday despite a row over the legality of the project .
the dollar fell sharply , the mark slipped and european bonds were noticeably weak in early trading thursday in reaction to concern in new york about a financial crisis in mexico .
parliamentary speaker jean minani , whose election four weeks ago drew strong condemnation from the tutsi-led opposition , is to quit his post and may be transferred to a government or party leadership position , state radio and television reported thursday .
israel 's outgoing army chief-of-staff , general ehud barak , has said he will continue peace negotiations with syrian military officials after he leaves his post next week .
china sought on thursday to stave off us sanctions over copyright violations , urging washington to return to the negotiating table just days before the expiration of a us deadline on the issue .
some ### khmer rouge fighters have defected to the government from one of the most notorious guerrilla divisions and the group 's commander is expected to follow , cambodia 's co-defence minister said thursday .
south korea 's samsung electronics co. has stolen a march over japan 's nec in the race for mass production of <unk> memory chips , company officials said thursday .
french share prices were showing a loss of #.## percent ## minutes <unk> trading began here on thursday against a background of falling prices on the bond market .
the us leasing company international lease finance corporation -lrb- ilfc -rrb- has placed a firm order for ## airbus airliners and has taken options on another ## aircraft , airbus industrie said here thursday .
industrial production in east germany rose by #.# percent in october from the figure for september and by ##.# percent from the figure for october last year , the economy ministry said thursday .
a ceasefire agreed between all liberia 's warring factions appeared to be holding several hours after it came into effect , un observers and african peacekeepers said thursday morning .
a group of palestinians urged the israeli supreme court thursday to suspend the expansion of a jewish settlement near bethlehem on the west bank as bulldozers pressed on with the project .
lord <unk> , the society lawyer whose clients include princess diana , was recently attacked in a burglary at his exclusive london home , press reports said thursday .
two bishops of sweden 's lutheran church died in a road accident early thursday , church authorities announced here .
weakness of the dollar and of share prices on wall street owing to a financial crisis in mexico took #.# percent off share prices here and #.## percent from prices in paris in early trading on thursday .
talbak nazarov , a ##-year-old economist , has been named tajikistan 's foreign minister and <unk> <unk> , ## , economy minister , itar-tass news agency reported thursday .
england a arrived here thursday for their first tour of india , hoping to gain valuable experience of conditions in the sub-continent before the cricket world cup in #### .
zimbabwe will send a battalion of about #,### troops to join an expanded un peacekeeping mission in angola after ## years of civil war , army commander lieutenant-general constantine chiwenga has said .
israeli police thursday released ## palestinians arrested during a demonstration against the expansion of a jewish settlement on the occupied west bank setting bail at about #,### dollars each .
nuclear technician mordechai vanunu has received his first visit from a minister six years after being jailed for giving information about israel 's nuclear industry to a british newspaper , police said thursday .
thursday 's fourth day lunch scoreboard in the second test between south africa and new zealand at kingsmead stadium here .
suspected islamic militants shot dead three policemen in two separate attacks in the troubled minya region of southern egypt thursday , police said .
south africa 's all pace attack restricted new zealand to ## for four at lunch and have taken another vital step along the path to victory on the fourth day of the second test thursday .
russian ground forces overnight pulled back from the outskirts of the besieged chechen capital of grozny as jet bombers tore across clear skies , repeatedly hitting an oil refinery and chechen positions .
china passed thursday its first law governing the running of its prison system , which human rights groups say is notorious for torture , forced labor and systematic abuse of inmates .
the ruble fell to #,### to the dollar here on thursday from #,### on wednesday .
at least ## rebels were killed when they raided the town of kenema in southern sierra leone in the latest of a spate of guerrilla attacks , witnesses said thursday .
the crew of a french cargo vessel has refused to dock in algeria , fearing security risks following the bloody end of an airbus hijack drama , officials said here thursday .
china 's communist party announced thursday a major overhaul of some ###,### village cells in a bid to stem rural disorder by stamping out `` lax and paralysed '' branches , xinhua news agency reported .
a somali factional leader claimed thursday that his militiamen had defeated fighters loyal to warlord mohamed farah aidid in a battle in the western town of belet huen overnight .
speculation is mounting that early elections will be held in malaysia with the malay daily thursday predicting polls anytime between january and april .
russian authorities have sent back ## iranian passengers who landed in moscow on an iran air flight despite their valid documents , the official agency irna said thursday .
italy 's political crisis was at a total impasse on thursday , with both camps dug in and neither side prepared to make any concessions .
germany sunday becomes one of the ## non-permanent members of the un security council for a two-year period , during which time it hopes to be granted a permanent seat on the top world body .
the airbus industrie consortium has sold ## airliners to the us leasing company international lease finance corporation -lrb- ilfc -rrb- in a deal believed to be worth #.# billion dollars .
at least two people were killed and four injured in continual cross - border firing by indian troops in kashmir this week , the official associated press of pakistan -lrb- app -rrb- said thursday .
a belgian , born in burundi , has confessed to killing a friend and eating part of his body after a row over the humanitarian and political situation in rwanda , judicial sources said here thursday .
lebanon 's national carrier , middle east airlines , faces serious financial problems and could see its share of the regional market grabbed by israel 's el al , mea chairman said in remarks published thursday .
viva air , an iberia airlines subsidiary , thursday canceled several flights from alicante to oran , western algeria , because of the security situation there , an iberia spokesman said .
the peseta fell to a record low point of ##.## to the the mark at mid - session here on thursday .
china announced on thursday plans to hold a new round of international bidding for onshore oil exploration projects next year , as latest <unk> showed national output levelling off while demand soars .
a nationwide anti-government strike gripped bangladesh thursday in the wake of the opposition 's mass resignation from parliament which sparked off a new crisis for the country .
more #,### somali refugees in the ugandan capital thursday resisted an attempt by the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- to move them from the city to a camp in southwest uganda , officials said .
an explosion in a steel plant owned by the krupp-hoesch stahl ag conglomerate slightly injured ## people in the western german city of dortmund early thursday , the company said .
socialist premier <unk> gonzalez on thursday refused to bow to calls from the rightwing and communist opposition for him to resign and call early elections .
president bill clinton has warned thailand that continued us training for thai troops was conditional on bangkok keeping a promise not to support the khmer rouge .
herewith the main incidents in russia 's three-week verbal and military onslaught on secessionist chechnya .
israel 's supreme court thursday rejected a palestinian plea to suspend the expansion of a jewish settlement near bethlehem on the west bank as bulldozers pressed on with the project .
the italian budget deficit in #### will exceed the ceiling set in the original finance act because of the cost of coping with floods in the north of italy at the beginning of november , treasury minister lamberto dini said thursday .
volkswagen vehicle manufacturer increased world sales by #.# percent in the first ## months of the year from the figure for the same period of last year to #.### million vehicles , vw said on thursday .
thailand will begin reducing import tariffs on some #,### items january # under a two-year program to bring its rates in line with those called for under international trade pacts , the finance ministry said .
malaysian police were thursday reported to swooped on two drug refining laboratories and seized more than ### kilogrammes -lrb- ### pounds -rrb- of drugs worth millions of dollars .
cambodian co-premier prince norodom ranariddh flew to siem reap thursday , as the government announced that more than ### khmer rouge guerrillas in the northwestern province had defected over the past two weeks .
the paris bourse was hit hard on thursday by the marked decline of bond markets due to the mexican financial crisis , bourse traders said at the noon-hour .
us defense secretary william perry will discuss the thorny question of us military assistance to pakistan during a three-day official visit next month , a foreign ministry spokesman said thursday .
a libyan delegation of moslem religious leaders claimed success thursday in a bid to reconcile leaders of somalia 's warring factions , the jana news agency reported on the team 's return .
the bosnian serb assembly met here thursday to discuss the future of a fragile ceasefire mediated last week by former us president jimmy carter , officials said .
more than ###,### young christians held prayer meetings and joint celebrations thursday on the first full day of a three-day demonstration of faith bringing together believers from across europe .
swissair airline is not aiming at a majority stake in belgian airline sabena , a swissair spokesman said in zurich on thursday .
thursday 's fourth day tea scoreboard in the second test between south africa and new zealand at kingsmead stadium here .
the us government 's chief economic forecasting index jumped #.# percent in november , the largest gain since august , the commerce department said thursday .
hong kong 's biggest newspaper publisher , oriental press group ltd. , announced thursday a ##.# percent drop in half-year profits as it sought to turn around its troubled young english daily .
the london stock market suffered a sizable loss in the first half of the thursday session , hurt by low holiday volume and by wall street 's drop on wednesday , traders said at lunch-time .
finnish president martti ahtisaari on thursday announced his country was opening diplomatic relations with bosnia-hercegovina and would send an ambassador there as soon as the situation was `` clearer .
the frankfurt stock market nosedived on thursday as the dax index broke down through the symbolic #,###-point level to end at #,###.## points , off #.## percent from the wednesday close .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said thursday he was ready to `` sign today '' a four-month `` ceasefire '' agreement with the bosnian government covering the deployment of un troops to keep the two sides apart .
the federal competition office might prevent hochtief ag construction group from increasing its stake in competitor philipp holzmann ag to ## percent , a spokesman for the office said on thursday .
two us diplomats visited evicted victims of tribal clashes in kenya on thursday after the american embassy issued a blunt public statement condemning the `` disruptive '' resettlement process as a breach of human rights .
paris plans joint diplomatic action with its european partners over the conflict between russian troops and separatist forces in chechnya , the french foreign ministry said thursday , without giving details .
tehran on thursday blasted british foreign secretary douglas hurd for branding iran a regional threat , saying the accusations were aimed at creating division among the gulf states .
at least two people were killed and four injured in continual cross - border firing by indian troops in kashmir this week , the official associated press of pakistan -lrb- app -rrb- said thursday .
the us government 's chief economic forecasting index jumped #.# percent in november , the largest gain since august , the commerce department said thursday .
some ##.# percent of south africa 's black pupils passed their final <unk> exams in #### , up almost ten percent on last year 's ##.# percent , education officials said thursday .
the israeli army allowed ### moslems sole access to the tomb of the patriarchs in hebron on thursday barring all jews for the first time since the february massacre there , a military spokesman said .
iraq on thursday denounced a turkish decision to extend for six months the mandate of the multinational force set up to protect kurds controlling northern iraq in defiance of baghdad .
thursday 's fourth day scoreboard at the close of new zealand 's second innings in the second test between south africa and new zealand at kingsmead stadium here .
socialist premier <unk> gonzalez on thursday refused to bow to opposition demands that he resign and call early elections , attempting to reassure financial circles jittery about political instability .
north sea brent crude oil prices jumped by more than ## cents a barrel in a ##-hour period to break up through the ##-dollar level due to a decline in us gasoline and heating oil stocks , analysts said at mid - day thursday .
a turkish airlines planes on a domestic flight crashed into a mountain in eastern turkey on thursday , the anatolia agency said .
a un military observer was shot and wounded thursday on the iraqi - kuwaiti border , kuwait 's official news agency kuna reported .
aircraft-maker atr announced thursday that it had received a total of five firm orders from three airlines , bringing its <unk> to a total of ### planes .
scoreboard on the fourth and final day of the drawn international cricket match between south africa 's eastern province and sri lanka here thursday .
prime minister khaleda zia , caving in to opposition demands , on thursday agreed to step down and hold new elections under a neutral caretaker government .
wall street prices were up in early trading thursday , although dealers were edgy over the continuing mexican financial crisis and the us involvement in it .
the sudanese government and the un world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- are taking steps to move some ###,### displaced persons and refugees from areas on the border with kenya to bor in upper nile state .
chechen secessionist leader dzhokhar dudayev thursday sent a telegram to russian president boris yeltsin calling for a face-to-face meeting , the russian government press service said .
a un military observer was shot and wounded thursday on the iraqi - kuwaiti border , kuwait 's official news agency kuna reported .
french authorities on thursday identified another of the four hijackers involved in the two-day <unk> on board an air france jet which ended with their deaths at marseille airport on monday .
scoreboard on the fourth and final day of the cricket match between pakistan and south africa 's western province at newlands here thursday which western province won by ### runs .
yelena bonner resigned thursday from president boris yeltsin 's commission on human rights in protest at moscow 's bloody intervention in chechnya .
export taxes on russian natural gas are going to be hiked from #.# to two ecus -lrb- #.# to #.# dollars -rrb- per tonne , interfax news agency reported on thursday .
rebel conservative mps snubbed thursday calls for unity from their beleaguered leader john major , challenging the prime minister to end party divisions himself by adopting a harder line on europe .
twenty-one serbian moslems , accused of plotting secession , have been sentenced to prison terms ranging from two to seven years , court sources said here thursday .
unions of greek airport employees on thursday suspended a strike planned for friday and saturday , after negotiations started with the transport and public works ministries .
a turkish airlines plane carrying ## -lrb- eds correct -rrb- people on a domestic flight crashed into a mountain in eastern turkey on thursday , the anatolia newsagency said .
leading french bank societe generale hiked its prime rate -lrb- <unk> , <unk> de base bancaire -rrb- on thursday from #.## to #.## percent , it announced in paris .
chechen separatist leader dzhokhar dudayev called thursday for a face - to-face meeting with boris yeltsin in a telegram to the russian president , the russian government press service said here .
armed separatists in angola 's cabinda enclave on thursday freed three expatriate polish employees of an italian logging company whom they kidnapped a month ago , their movement announced .
britain 's biggest life insurance company , prudential corporation , said thursday it would take a ##.## percent stake in the capital of thai <unk> life assurance in thailand , for about ## million pounds .
syria on thursday won the backing of egypt and saudia arabia for its stand in the arab-israeli peace process at the end of a two-day summit here .
sweden is sending aid minister pierre schori to represent the government at the inauguration of brazil 's president-elect fernando henrique cardoso on january # , #### , the government said thursday .
the bank of france 's foreign exchange reserves rose by #.## billion francs in the week ending december ## to a total of ###.## billion francs , according to a calculation by credit lyonnais bank made thursday from the central bank 's weekly report .
a hassidic jewish rabbi serving time for kidnapping can keep his traditional beard thanks to a computer-generated image showing what he would look like clean-shaven , authorities said thursday .
mexico 's embattled peso continued to stabilize thursday after last week 's plunge , with the government considering an emergency budget plan and leaning on its nafta partners for crucial credit help .
algerian security officials on thursday said algerian troops had killed ## armed islamic fundamentalists in the last five days .
the united nations on thursday reported intensified fighting in bosnia 's northwest bihac pocket , with more than ## explosions and anti-aircraft rounds recorded a day after one of the warring parties agreed to a ceasefire in the region .
london stocks lost ground on thursday as the footsie index shed ##.# points or #.# percent to end at #,###.# points .
the bosnian writer and essayist <unk> <unk> won the #### european essay prize for his book published in french under the title `` un <unk> '' -lrb- moving house -rrb- , the charles <unk> institute announced here thursday .
nine members of a family of haitian immigrants were killed in a fire that gutted their home in this town outside new york city , officials said thursday .
israeli leaders knew who the killers of un mediator count <unk> bernadotte were in #### despite official denials , israeli television reported in a documentary .
doctors in spain were hailing a christmas miracle thursday after a `` dead '' <unk> baby came back to life in the morgue , medical sources said , adding that baby 's condition was still very poor .
health officials are probing a mystery illness which struck two young tibetan immigrants on christmas day .
the death toll from storms battering the united kingdom rose to nine thursday after ## hours of torrential rains and high winds in some regions , rescue services said .
british columbia health officials were investigating on thursday how confidential computerized medical records of <unk> residents were sold to a computer buff .
investigators were still inspecting on thursday about a million dollars -lrb- about ###,### us -rrb- worth of christmas turkeys which had been plucked from supermarket shelves after animal rights activists claimed to have poisoned some of them .
thursday 's fourth day scoreboard at the close of play in the second five-day test between south africa and new zealand at kingsmead stadium here .
south africa were heading for victory at the close of play on day four of the second test against new zealand here thursday -- barring a wholesale landslide .
the italian lira hit a new record low on thursday on the london foreign exchange market , falling to #,###.# lire to the german mark late in the afternoon .
western province thursday beat pakistan by ### runs with ## overs remaining in their first win over a touring international side in a four-day cricket match here .
with no innovative declarations forthcoming , eastern province 's four - day cricket match against sri lanka descended into an exercise of futility on the final day here thursday .
a ##-year-old woman was arrested here for taking photographs of us soldiers , police said thursday .
israeli foreign minister shimon peres and the plo 's chief negotiator nabil shaath are to resume autonomy talks in cairo next week , a senior israeli official said thursday .
a time bomb exploded in an istanbul shopping mall thursday , injuring one person , the turkish news agency anatolia reported .
the milan stock market suffered a substantial loss on thursday as the mibtel index finished just over the ##,###-point mark , at ##,### , down #.## percent from the wednesday close .
president bill clinton is scanning government ranks for a new cia chief who is long on personal credibility and can move the intelligence agency forward after its most embarrassing spy case .
romario 's reported move to either italy or brazil has caused a wave of <unk> here , according to sports daily sport on thursday .
scottie pippen branded chicago bulls general manager jerry krause a liar who has let the former national basketball association champion team fall apart .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said thursday he was ready to `` sign today '' a four-month `` cessation of hostilities '' -lrb- eds : correct -rrb- accord covering the deployment of un troops to separate the two sides in the conflict .
more than ### big-money investors are queueing up to spend lavish sums on the ## castles put up for sale by germany 's privatisation ministry , the company in charge of the operation announced thursday .
the fed cup , the new name for the former federation cup , has changed format and now will have a world group , a group # and groups by geographical zones .
the new jersey nets ca n't seem to get all their players to practice at the same time .
a top israeli government official denounced thursday a mini-arab summit in alexandria , egypt , as a `` pathetic '' effort to halt the tide of change in the middle east .
talks on the status of the us airman held captive by north korea after his helicopter went down in north korean territory have made `` good progress , '' a state department spokesman said thursday .
the united states reaffirmed thursday that the rebel chechen republic was an internal russian problem , but voiced renewed concern over bomb raids that reportedly have devastated civilian targets .
copper prices moved up over #,### dollars per tonne on thursday for the first time since mid-#### on the london metal exchange , buoyed by the closing of a philippines foundry damaged by typhoon axel .
the main indicators of the russian economy declined in #### for the fifth straight year , according to results presented on thursday by economics minister yevgeni yassin .
the united states urged the algerian government thursday to embark on a dialogue with all opposition groups that renounce terrorism , following this week 's deadly air france hijacking drama .
authorities on thursday ordered the suspension of building work on a castle owned by the ruler of the united arab emirates , because local anglers claim it is polluting a nearby river .
nigeria has reduced the strength of its troops participating in the west africa peace-keeping mission in liberia -lrb- ecomog -rrb- to #,### , the official news agency of nigeria -lrb- nan -rrb- reported thursday .
a worker in a sweets factory was crushed to death here thursday when a giant chocolate mixer he was cleaning on all fours suddenly started up , police said .
secretary general boutros boutros-ghali has asked the un high commissioner for refugees to send a mission to the caucasus to assess the refugee situation due to the chechnya conflict , his spokesman said thursday .
detroit 's barry sanders , who led the national football league in rushing and caught ## passes for ### yards , was voted offensive player of the year in a nationwide poll of sports journalists .
the us defense department thursday gave the green light to the proposed merger between industry giants lockheed and martin marietta .
president bill clinton said thursday his administration was working closely with mexico on its financial crisis and called for support to ensure the country 's future economic stability .
the united states is offering haitians at the us naval base at guantanamo bay , cuba , an ##-dollar bonus and the promise of a job if they agree by next week to return home .
president bill clinton said thursday he had every intention of running for re-election in #### and said he had no worries his party would field a challenger .
bosnian serb leaders said thursday they would make new demands as a condition for joining the peace process in bosnia `` on the basis of '' a ceasefire agreement mediated last week by former us president jimmy carter .
talks on the status of the us airman held captive by north korea after his helicopter went down in north korean territory have made `` good progress , '' a state department spokesman said thursday .
the ## security council member states ended #### on a sour note , failing to reach an agreement on a controversial statement on iraq .
russia 's armed intervention in chechnya has pushed the country down the road to becoming a police state , an advisor to an apparently ailing and increasingly isolated president boris yeltsin warned thursday .
a court banned a film of egypt 's leading producer yussef shahin on thursday on charges of violating islamic law and ordered all copies confiscated .
new england coach bill parcells is an old friend and mentor of cleveland coach bill belichick , but he wo n't be giving him any tips before their clash sunday in the national football league playoffs .
president bill clinton said thursday he had every intention of running for re-election in #### and said he had no worries his party would field a challenger .
the `` zipper '' , the electronic message board in times square which is one of this city 's most famed landmarks , will continue to flash headlines and advertisements thanks to a british firm .
the denver broncos fired coach wade phillips on thursday in the wake of their #-# #### season .
amid the fallout of mexico 's currency crisis , president ernesto zedillo announced thursday he had accepted the resignation of economy minister jaime serra <unk> .
the national hockey league will cancel the ####-## season if it ca n't start by january ## , league officials told the players ' union on thursday .
herb williams , back-up to patrick ewing on the new york knicks basketball team , had successful surgery to repair a broken finger bone on thursday .
bill parcells , who guided new england to a ##-# record and a playoff berth , was named national football league coach of the year on thursday in a poll of sports journalists across america .
nigeria 's military ruler general sani abacha has approved setting up a high-powered committee to combat drug trafficking and fraud , an official statement said here thursday .
wall street blue chip stocks were slightly down thursday as investors focussed on end-of-the-year housecleaning of their portfolios .
the dollar was up against other major currencies thursday as technical factors kicked in following the falls provoked by fears about the ramifications of the mexican financial crisis .
north korea has agreed to release a captured us helicopter pilot , a us official said thursday .
french actress and animal rights campaigner brigitte bardot said thursday she is quitting saint-tropez , the french riviera fishing village her presence transformed into a playground of the rich and famous .
north korea has agreed to release a captured us helicopter pilot whose aircraft was downed over the isolated asian communist state ## days ago , us officials announced thursday .
six people were killed and ## injured thursday when a coach slid off a snowy mountain road and plunged ## metres -lrb- ### feet -rrb- down a cliff , the georgian interior ministry said .
an algerian fundamentalist leader jailed in algiers , has begun a hunger strike , his lawyers said in a statement received by afp thursday .
bugging devices have been found in poland 's national police headquarters , polish television reported thursday .
a driver who had more than three times the legal limit of alcohol in his blood drowned in waist-high water when he accidentally reversed his car into a shallow canal , police said .
wim kok , prime minister of the netherlands , and foreign minister hans van mierlo are to meet us president bill clinton in washington on february ## , the government press service here said thursday .
north korea has agreed to release a captured us helicopter pilot whose aircraft was downed over the isolated asian communist state ## days ago , us officials announced thursday .
the russian military intervention in chechnya `` must succeed '' to deter other territories in the russian federation from trying to secede , russian interior minister viktor yerin told a televised press conference .
the parallel government set up in chechnya this week by moscow will hand out subsidies to the population and supply them with heating fuel to `` help them through the winter '' , its leader said thursday .
the dollar was quoted at ##.## yen at #:## a.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- friday in tokyo , down #.## yen from the previous day 's late trading rate of ##.## yen .
a german freighter lost about ## barrels containing corrosive chemicals in british territorial waters in the north sea on thursday , dutch coast guards said .
share prices opened slightly lower on the tokyo stock exchange on friday , with the nikkei stock average falling ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
greek police found thursday a record ### kilograms -lrb- ### pounds -rrb- of cocaine hidden in a shipment of rice unloaded from a german-owned south american ship , the merchant navy ministry said .
military chiefs of government forces and unita rebels in angola will meet in angola at a date yet to be fixed to discuss arrangements for demobilising their soldiers , the un envoy in angola said thursday .
prime minister patrick manning of trinidad and tobago arrived here thursday for a ##-hour visit that will include talks with haitian president jean-bertrand aristide .
us military officials held talks with haitian president jean-bertrand aristide thursday in which they discussed a violent protest held earlier this week by hundreds of retired haitian soldiers .
an australian warship steamed to the rescue of french yachtswoman isabelle autissier friday as enormous seas buffeted the singlehanded 's dismasted yacht in the ocean south of australia , officials said .
north korea will release captured us airman bobby hall at the border village of panmunjom at #### gmt friday , the united nations command -lrb- unc -rrb- said here .
belgian prime minister jean-luc dehaene will pay a visit here in february to hold talks with president bill clinton , the white house said thursday .
the united states welcomed thursday the release of a us helicopter pilot downed in north korea and praised the `` humanitarian gesture '' by pyongyang 's communist regime .
herewith the text of statements by us secretary of defense william perry and chairman of the joint chiefs of staff general john shalikashvili following the release of downed flyer bobby hall .
herewith the text of the agreement reached between north korea and the united states for the release of us airman bobby hall .
japanese share prices were mixed on this year 's last trading day friday , with the leading index closing #.# percent lower on futures - linked selling , brokers said .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the open-ended richter scale struck the southern part of sichuan province , southwestern china , early friday , the official news agency xinhua reported .
south korea 's economic boom led to a huge current account deficit in #### , due to bulk imports of capital and consumer goods needed for economic expansion , the central bank said friday .
the united states welcomed thursday the release of a us helicopter pilot downed in north korea and praised the `` humanitarian gesture '' by pyongyang 's communist regime .
the dollar moved little against the yen in tokyo on friday morning in light trading ahead of year-end and new year holidays .
annual inflation in china soared ##.# percent in #### , more than twice the government 's target , while gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- jumped ##.# percent over last year , the state statistical bureau -lrb- ssb -rrb- announced friday .
china has made gambia a grant of ## million dollars to develop its farming infrastructure , gambian officials here said .
china 's economy maintained rapid growth this year , surging ##.# percent over #### , while the annual inflation rate soared to ##.# percent , more than double the initial target , the state statistical bureau -lrb- ssb -rrb- announced friday .
president ramos friday signed on friday the ###.#-billion-peso -lrb- ##.## - billion-dollar -rrb- philippine budget for #### , but restored ##.# billion pesos for debt service earlier lopped off by congress .
herewith the text of north korea 's dispatch on the us-north korea `` understanding '' reached on the release of us aviator bobby hall , as carried friday by its official korean central news agency -lrb- kcna -rrb- .
vietnamese unions have called for a large rise in the minimum wage paid to employees of foreign firms in a challenge to government plans to improve the country 's international competitiveness , a report said friday .
south korea on friday reacted with incredulity to north korea 's claim that the united states had made political deals to win the release of us airman bobby hall from ## days of captivity .
belgian prime minister jean-luc dehaene will pay a visit here in february to hold talks with president bill clinton , the white house said thursday .
the dollar was quoted at ##.## yen at #:## p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- friday in tokyo , down #.## yen from the previous day 's late trading rate here of ##.## yen .
a moderate earthquake registering #.# on the richter scale shook the tokyo area at #:## p.m. friday -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , but there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries , the meteorological agency said .
russian warplanes again bombed a large oil refinery west of grozny early friday , causing a gigantic explosion which bathed the besieged chechen capital in an orange glow , correspondents in the city said .
us president bill clinton assured south korean president kim young-sam by telephone friday that washington would not go over seoul 's head and hold direct peace talks with north korea , kim 's office said .
australian rescue authorities friday feared problems in tracking french solo yachtswoman isabelle autissier in the stormy wastes of the southern ocean if distress beacons aboard her drifting , dismasted yacht run out of power .
drought now affects ## percent of the stricken eastern australian state of new south wales , state agriculture minister ian <unk> announced friday .
china is to conduct a survey of one percent of the population next year to investigate demographic , social and labor changes in recent years , the china daily said friday .
us airman bobby hall will fly home friday after a brief ceremony celebrating his release from ## days of captivity in north korea , us officials said .
airline safety officials have begun a two-day meeting to discuss tests conducted on the french-made atr commuter plane that has been grounded here and in france whenever icing conditions are present .
the dollar was weaker on the tokyo foreign exchange market friday , the final trading day here this year , with investors staying away from the market ahead of new year holidays .
the rand was slightly lower against the dollar friday , opening at #.#### \/ ### rands to the greenback from thursday 's close of #.#### \/ ## .
kenyan president daniel arap moi has blasted un development programme -lrb- undp -rrb- officials , accusing them of spreading incorrect reports about the eviction of victims of tribal clashes from a rift valley camp .
french solo yachtswoman isabelle autissier told rescuers friday she was battling stormy seas with one compartment flooded , no steering and a five-foot -lrb- #.#-metre -rrb- hole in her vessel 's cabin roof .
indirect trade between taiwan and china in the first ## months of #### jumped ##.# percent from a year ago to hit ##.## billion us dollars , the board of foreign trade said friday .
us envoy tom hubbard said friday he had made no commitment with north korea that would damage south korean interests while securing the release of captured us airman bobby hall .
jewish settlers used two bulldozers to wreck the foundations of a petrol station being built by a palestinian businessman near the <unk> settlement in the occupied west bank , military officials said friday .
greece was up in arms friday after press reports that greek might no longer be a working language in european union bodies .
china said friday it was willing to talk with taiwan 's main , pro- independence opposition party , in a sign that beijing is slowly coming to terms with political realities on the island .
south korean president kim young-sam on friday ordered his cabinet to hold consumer price rises to a maximum of five-percent in #### , while at the same time maintaining a healthy economic growth rate .
england chairman of selectors ray illingworth has laid much of the blame for the tourists ' disastrous ashes performance on team coach keith fletcher and manager mike smith .
the number of job-seekers in france rose #.# percent in november , compared with october , with the unemployment rate remaining stable at ##.# percent , official statistics released friday showed .
north korea on friday accused the united states of more than #,### acts of `` aerial espionage '' on the communist country this year , after pyongyang released a us airman downed in the north ## days ago .
un officials have launched an inquiry into the shooting of a un military observer on the iraqi-kuwaiti border , but said friday they were unable to support kuwait 's claim that iraqi forces opened fire .
mozambique 's main opposition renamo has decided to participate in the nation 's post-war parliament ending a three-week boycott , renamo leader afonso dhlakama said friday .
an air inter plane left algiers on december ## without unloading passenger luggage after arriving in the algerian capital from marseille as an air france plane was seized by islamic hijackers , air inter said friday .
the release of the second editions of the first two volumes of paramount leader deng xiaoping 's selected works topped the official xinhua news agency 's list friday of china 's ## biggest news items in #### .
the champs-elysees will be closed to traffic before midnight on saturday , new year 's eve , to `` facilitate the holding of festivities , '' authorities announced friday .
european stock markets began the last session of the year on an unsteady note friday amid continued turmoil on the world bond markets linked to the mexican financial crisis and new concerns about rising interest rates .
a french air inter plane made an emergency takeoff from algiers after arriving in the algerian capital as an air france plane was seized by islamic hijackers last week , air inter said friday .
relatives and friends of us airman bobby hall hugged and cried with joy on hearing of his release friday , ## days after his helicopter was downed in north korea .
un bosnian commander general michael rose was friday to see bosnian government leaders in an effort to nail down a comprehensive cessation of hostilities due to be signed on sunday .
italy 's trade surplus widened during the first ## months of the year to ##.### trillion lire -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- , a ## percent increase over the same period in #### , the government reported friday .
the annualised growth in south africa 's broad-based m# money supply slowed to ##.## percent in november against a revised ##.## percent in october , reserve -lrb- central -rrb- bank figures released friday showed .
eritrea on friday accused the sudanese government , with which it has broken off diplomatic ties , of harassing eritrean nationals and disrupting a repatriation program .
syria friday hailed the results of an arab mini-summit after winning the backing of egypt and saudi arabia for its stand in the peace process .
scoreboard on the fifth and final day of the second test between south african and new zealand at kingsmead stadium here friday .
president boris yeltsin on friday issued a decree setting up a provisional commission to monitor human rights in the caucasus republic of chechnya where russian troops are trying to put down a secessionist rebellion .
china 's coal output rose to #.### billion tonnes in #### , but unpaid bills to the sector worth more than ## billion yuan -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- seriously affected development , the official xinhua news agency said friday .
south africa romped to an eight-wicket victory over new zealand , spurred on by a record second-wicket partnership of ## between gary kirsten and john <unk> in the second test here friday .
us aviator bobby hall left for home friday aboard a us military flight from osan airbase , nine hours after walking across the demilitarized zone from north korea , a us military spokesman said .
china 's ailing athletics <unk> ma junren has resigned himself to a lengthy bout in hospital , reluctantly leaving his `` army '' of women world record holders in the hands of a new trainer .
british chancellor kenneth clarke left friday with a contingent of british businessmen on a two-week new year trade mission to malaysia , thailand and vietnam .
urska hrovat of slovenia won the women 's world cup slalom here on friday ahead of switzerland 's vreni schneider and france 's leila piccard .
turkish airlines officials were to examine `` black box '' flight recorders friday to determine why an airliner crashed into a mountain on landing near the eastern city of van , killing ## people and injuring ## , according to the latest toll .
urska hrovat of slovenia ended switzerland 's vreni schneider 's winning sequence in slalom racing when she won the women 's world cup event here on friday - the last race of #### .
urska hrovat of slovenia ended switzerland 's vreni schneider 's winning sequence in slalom racing when she won the women 's world cup event here on friday - the last race of #### .
renewed clashes between liberia 's armed factions were reported less than ## hours after a ceasefire came into effect to end five years of civil war , un sources said friday .
test fast bowler jo angel strengthened his claims for a recall to national duty with a potentially match-winning #-## on the opening day of the sheffield shield match against new south wales here friday .
the roman catholic church has urged the military to halt operations against tamil separatists in northern sri lanka to allow thousands of tamils to travel here for next month 's visit by the pope , officials said friday .
president nelson mandela friday hailed #### as an `` epoch-making year '' for south africans which saw the end of apartheid and significant progress towards redressing the wrongs of the past .
an airliner of the french carrier air inter made an emergency takeoff from algiers airport last week after landing just as an air france plane was being seized by islamic hijackers , air inter said friday .
eighty-five countries will become the founding members of the world trade organization , which replaces the general agreement of tariffs and trade on sunday , after canada , the european union and the united states filed ratifications on friday .
the frankfurt stock market closed out the #### trading year in style on friday as the dax index finished the day and year at #,###.## points , up #.## percent from #,###.## points thursday evening .
seven people were wounded friday when #,### demonstrators clashed with the israeli army during a protest over extending a jewish settlement on the occupied west bank .
a jailed ethiopian opposition leader , asrat <unk> , has been sentenced to a further three years behind bars on conviction of sedition and inciting violence , an independent weekly paper reported friday .
the french government friday ordered a security review of all french shipping companies operating between france and algeria , amid a continuing alert over safety there following the airbus hijack drama .
chinese <unk> ma junren -- who has trained an `` army '' of women world record holders in middle distance running events -- has been hospitalised after a car accident , the xinhua news agency said friday .
the international police body interpol opened its first african regional bureau in abidjan on friday with a remit to strengthen the fight against international crime in ## west and central african countries .
the central bank of kenyan -lrb- cbk -rrb- friday suspended all <unk> in travellers cheques issued by the preferential trade area -lrb- pta -rrb- bank following a fraud in which cbk lost #.# million dollars in clearing them .
the israeli parliament on friday approved a ## billion dollar budget for #### which included a #.# percent increase in defense spending , officials said .
iraq charged friday that the un presence in the north of the country was to blame for the kurdish fighting in the area because it encouraged separatism .
two moslem militants shot and wounded a policeman in the head friday as police tried to arrest them in a sugar cane field where they were hiding in the minya region of southern egypt , police said .
the london stock market overcame an uncertain start on friday to post a modest gain by early afternoon as the footsie index gained #.# points or #.# percent to stand at #,###.# , but gilts were down by an average of #\/# of a point .
copper prices -lrb- three-month delivery -rrb- stayed above the <unk> mark on friday on the london metal exchange to end the year at their highest level since april #### .
stock prices dropped on the paris bourse friday afternoon as the cac ## index fell to #,###.## points shortly before the close , off #.## percent on the day to that point .
the heirs of pablo picasso have filed a lawsuit against a beverly hills man accusing him of ripping off the late artist by reproducing his works on t-shirts , neckties and watches .
the conference on security and cooperation in europe -lrb- csce -rrb- on sunday becomes the organisation for security and cooperation in europe .
new home sales in the united states fell by #.# percent in november , the commerce department said friday .
a group of seven bosnian serb deputies split with the leadership of their self-styled republic over its <unk> of the contact group peace plan for bosnia-hercegovina , the official bosnian serb srna news agency reported friday .
wall street prices opened the final session of the year up friday as dealers moved to square their portfolios .
britain 's royal navy broke with tradition friday by introducing wine for its rank and file on board ship , in a move billed as a rare concession to the women who became eligible to serve at sea in #### .
after patients complained , staff at a hospital in kisumu , western kenya , removed two bodies from a ward thursday which had been there since christmas day , the daily nation newspaper reported friday .
after patients complained , staff at a hospital in kisumu , western kenya , removed two bodies from a ward thursday which had been there since christmas day , the daily nation newspaper reported friday .
tottenham 's romanian world cup star ilie dumitrescu is on his way to spain and will spend the rest of the season on loan to sevilla after spurs ' chairman alan sugar did an about-turn to sanction the deal on friday .
an algerian armed fundamentalist group on friday declared open war on france , warning of terrorist action `` in coming days , '' in the wake of the bloody end to last weekend 's air france airbus hijack .
the london stock market set a record for trading volume this year in both british and irish , and in foreign shares , the stock exchange announced on friday .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk on friday voiced concern over the harsh criminal penalties contained in the country 's draft press law and called for their replacement with civil penalties .
bangladeshi prime minister khaleda zia on friday said that despite the recent mass resignation of opposition legislators , parliament and her government would continue to function under the constitution .
pyongyang-based korean central tv is to send a special news broadcast to japan broadcasting corp. -lrb- nhk -rrb- on january # , nhk officials said friday , sparking intense speculation about it 's content .
one person was shot dead and half a dozen others wounded when shots were fired at two abortion clinics here friday , police said .
one person was shot dead and half a dozen others wounded when shots were fired at two abortion clinics here friday , police said .
a strike that started more than eight years ago at a sheffield engineering company -lrb- central england -rrb- will end officially on saturday , with both sides sick of the fight , company sources said friday .
president ernesto zedillo has accepted the resignation of the finance minister who presided over the peso 's plunge , but the road out of mexico 's currency crisis still will be rocky at best .
some #,### moslem refugees have returned to their home region after fleeing northwestern bosnia 's bihac pocket in august , when moslem dissident fikret abdic 's forces were defeated by government troops , a un official said friday .
newt gingrich , incoming speaker of the house of representatives , announced friday he was giving up a #.# million dollar advance to write two books in the face of mounting questions of ethics and good taste .
the london stock market marked time on friday , waiting for the new year , as the footsie index dipped by a tiny #.# point to end at #,###.# points .
the head of turkey 's airports authority denied friday that an argument between the pilot and control tower was a factor in the crash of a turkish airlines plane which killed ## people .
newly freed us airman bobby hall believes that his helicopter was shot down over north korea , a high-ranking pentagon official said friday .
ghanaian international anthony yeboah will have talks with english premiership side leeds united on saturday , according to a radio report on friday .
the palestinians are facing a `` long and tough battle '' over jewish settlements in the occupied west bank , plo leader yasser arafat warned friday .
currency values changed little on friday ahead of the weekend and the new year 's holiday , as operators deserted trading rooms in droves at mid-day .
former cameroon international roger milla has come out of retirement to sign with an indonesian club , it was revealed here on friday .
chancellor helmut kohl has invited israel 's president to germany to celebrate the ##th anniversary of the ending of the second world war next may , according to der spiegel magazine .
chancellor helmut kohl came in for severe criticism friday from within his centre-right majority , echoing opposition complaints , over his failure to condemn russian president boris yeltsin 's invasion of chechnya .
england 's five nations cup build-up was hampered with injuries to forwards ben clarke and jason leonard in the canary islands on the first day off their sunshine training camp on thursday .
leading european stock markets were a mixed bag on friday , as prices jumped by #.## percent in frankfurt , fell #.## percent in paris , and marked time in london .
russian inflation hit ### percent this year , with the december increase in prices weighing in at ##.# percent , the federal statistics committee announced on friday as quoted by interfax news agency .
the un high commissioner for refugees is finalizing plans to airlift humanitarian aid to chechen refugees in neighbouring ingushetia and daghestan , the unhcr said friday .
the frankfurt stock market made a small gain this week , enduring a period of fright as the dax index dipped below #,### points , but welcoming its rally on friday as it closed at #,###.## points , up #.# percent from the previous friday 's close .
the red cross said friday it urgently needed to replenish dwindling stocks of medical supplies in bihac town in northwestern bosnia to prevent a humanitarian crisis .
newly freed us airman bobby hall believes that his helicopter was shot down over north korea , a high-ranking pentagon official said friday .
a key broker in the negotiations that led to last week 's accra peace accord called friday on all liberians to `` get involved '' and stop having doubts about the agreement .
polish foreign minister andrzej olechowski tendered his resignation for the second time in two months friday , after allegations of corruption by the country 's chief prosecutor , the ministry said .
us singer michael jackson 's scandal-wracked year ended on another sour note friday when a court here ruled that he had plagiarised an italian song for one of the tracks on his #### album `` dangerous '' .
it 's the most mouth-watering quarterback match-up to grace the first round of the national football league playoffs -- miami 's dan marino v joe montana of the kansas city chiefs .
a un-sponsored meeting between military chiefs of the angolan government and the armed unita opposition on implementation of a peace accord was postponed from friday to saturday morning , officials said .
twenty-nine demonstrators were detained on friday after a pitched battle with the army during a protest over the expansion of a jewish settlement on the occupied west bank , police said .
the town hall has decided to name a street in jerusalem after a man who planned the attack on deir yassin village where more than ### palestinians were massacred in april #### .
serbian president slobodan milosevic expressed confidence friday that the whole of former yugoslavia would enjoy `` definitive peace '' by the end of #### .
the organization reporters without frontiers protested friday in a letter to egypt 's president hosni mubarak against the detention of an islamic fundamentalist journalist .
boris becker will not sign a contract with the german tennis federation to compete in the davis cup , the triple wimbledon champion 's lawyer axel <unk> said on friday .
oliver miller of the detroit pistons had surgery on friday for a broken right hand and will be out for four to six weeks , the national basketball association team said .
an opposition leader accused john major of `` nationalism '' friday after the prime minister denounced as a `` dangerous proposition '' labor party plans to create regional parliaments in scotland and wales .
us defense secretary william perry will travel to the middle east and asia in january , the pentagon announced friday .
russian president boris yeltsin set peace in the breakaway republic of chechnya as his main goal for #### in a new year television message saturday to the russian peoples .
four people were killed friday when a tourist plane crashed on the french island of reunion in the indian ocean .
german medical researchers gained official clearance friday to market a new drug treatment for intestinal cancer , a news report said .
wall street prices ended their final session of the year slightly up friday following moderately active trading marked by gains in blue - chip stocks .
fernando henrique cardoso , the man whose inflation-busting stabilization plan was midwife to brazil 's economic rebirth , is to be sworn in as president sunday .
the signing saturday of a four-month truce in bosnia-hercegovina was balanced on a knife-edge friday as the bosnian government warned of a major stumbling block , despite optimism that the bosnian serbs would sign .
saudi interior minister prince nayef ibn abdelaziz pledged here friday that his country was committed to help defend neighbouring bahrain 's security .
authorities mounted a massive manhunt to find who shot two women dead and wounded at least five other people at two abortion clinics here friday , police said .
the board of agence france-presse friday <unk> the appointment of yvan <unk> , ## , as director of news , the third-ranking post in the agency , as successor to georges <unk> .
bill gates , chairman and co-founder of microsoft , the world 's largest <unk> publisher , was named as `` man of the year for #### '' in saturday 's financial times .
a bomb exploded friday in a luxury hotel in istanbul , killing one person and injuring two , police said .
the federal aviation administration said it will maintain icy weather restrictions against franco-italian atr commuter aircraft despite the company 's announcement friday of improved <unk> mechanisms .
the state department warned us citizens friday to avoid travel to algeria and said americans residing in the north african country should leave if they can not find protection .
colombia launched friday a major crackdown on drug and arms trafficking that resulted in ### arrests and ## <unk> grounded at eight airports around the nation .
britain should take the lead in clipping the wings of the brussels commission and the european court of justice , home secretary michael howard said in an interview published in saturday 's daily telegraph .
a new air route between china 's northeastern city of dalian and the south korean capital , seoul , has gone into operation , the xinhua news agency reported .
china 's real estate sector remains overheated and too many luxury projects continue to be built , a report said saturday , one day before the first law aimed at regulating the industry takes effect .
the world 's largest mobile telephone communications network is to go into operation in china from sunday , allowing subscribers to use their handsets anywhere in the country , a report said saturday .
south korea 's kim young-sam , the country 's first dissident politician turned president , has been awarded the #### martin luther king jr. .
newly-freed us airman bobby hall was reunited with his family here friday after ## days in captivity in north korea .
at least three passengers were killed saturday when a speeding train derailed on the outskirts of the southern indian city of bangalore , police said .
china is shutting down a liberal newspaper in the southern city of guangzhou that is part-owned by a company that controls a major hong kong daily , it was reported saturday .
china 's troubled steel industry saw output rise just #.## percent in #### to ## million tonnes , the smallest increase in ## years , as prices continued to fall , the china daily said saturday .
china is to introduce inspections and certification of <unk> food in a bid to achieve its target to wipe out iodine deficiency syndrome -lrb- idd -rrb- by #### , the china daily reported saturday .
a strong earthquake measuring #.# on the open-ended richter scale rocked the south china sea on saturday and caused tremors in southern china , xinhua news agency reported .
nineteen criminals were executed in the central chinese city of xian in december for crimes ranging from murder , theft and arson to rape , the shaanxi daily reported saturday .
ashes newcomer john crawley saturday admitted a feeling of gloom had engulfed the england cricket camp following their second test slaughter this week .
armed gangsters abducted seven italian medical volunteers in an eastern nairobi slum and robbed them of all their valuables before releasing them half-naked in another area of the city , a newspaper reported saturday .
workers at a five star hotel in sri lanka have launched a strike over demands for an annual bonus , which has caused a slump in services and forced the cancellation of a new year 's eve dance , the hotel said saturday .
king norodom sihanouk confirmed here friday that he would return to his native cambodia next week after treatment here for cancer succeeded in eradicating all traces of the disease .
four people killed two passengers and wounded ## others in a machine - gun attack on a coach in northwestern turkey 's <unk> region early saturday , the anatolia news agency reported .
saudi arabia and the united arab emirates have agreed to join an international consortium to help north korea replace its graphite - moderated nuclear system with light-water reactors , a daily said here saturday .
a strong earthquake measuring #.# on the open-ended richter scale rocked the south china sea early saturday , causing tremors in southern china , a state seismological bureau -lrb- ssb -rrb- official said .
cambodian co-premier prince norodom ranariddh on saturday demanded that thailand return one of the leaders of an abortive coup in july , hinting that failure to do so could hurt bilateral relations .
a gunman wielding an ak-## assault rifle killed two people and injured four when he opened fire in a squatter camp north of this south african port city late friday , police said saturday .
south korean president kim young-sam on sunday called in a new year message for an end to mistrust and confrontation between north and south korea to usher in an era of `` reconciliation and cooperation .
two people died and another four were seriously injured when a fire razed a ballroom in the eastern city of nanjing , a provincial official told afp saturday .
five-star hotels in pakistan decided to close early on saturday night as moslem fundamentalists warned against <unk> on new year 's eve .
beleaguered england captain mike atherton intends to rise above the welter of criticism his team has received after their inglorious performance in the second ashes cricket test in melbourne last thursday .
ashes newcomer john crawley saturday admitted a feeling of gloom had engulfed the england cricket camp following their second test slaughter this week .
austria whipped argentina at the start of the hopman cup mixed teams ' tennis tournament here saturday to move into the quarter-finals of the ###,### australian -lrb- ###,### us dollar -rrb- event .
at least eight passengers were killed saturday when a speeding train derailed on the outskirts of the southern indian city of bangalore , police said .
several demonstrations have been held in northern iraq against the latest clashes between rival kurdish factions in the region , the official iranian news agency irna reported saturday .
a south african miner was killed , another is missing presumed dead , and three were injured in a rockfall at a gold mine near here friday , mine management said in a statement saturday .
taiwan will deprive hong kong-based cathay pacific airways of its so - called `` fifth freedom '' rights if the island failed to obtain the same treatment from the british colony , china times reported saturday .
a new terminal is to be built at beijing 's capital international airport that would raise annual capacity to ## million passengers when it opens in #### , the xinhua news agency said saturday .
berber movements called for a general strike in tizi-ouzou , the capital of algeria 's grand kabylie region saturday during the burial of three of the four priests murdered there on tuesday , algerian press reports said .
a malaysian cellular telephone firm has set up a direct link with britain 's national telephone company in a bid to gain a larger share of international call traffic , news reports said saturday .
british chancellor of the exchequer kenneth clarke arrived in malaysia on saturday for a six-day visit to strengthen economic ties , bernama news agency reported .
general michael rose was to meet bosnian vice-president ejup ganic again saturday morning , un sources said , to try to remove the last stumbling block preventing the signing of a four-month ceasefire .
a russian colonel serving with peacekeeping forces in tajikistan was shot and killed by an unknown gunman in the center of the capital dushanbe , the interfax news agency reported saturday .
congolese former technical training minister <unk> <unk> has been named brazzaville 's first ambassador to israel , radio congo announced saturday .
un special envoy yasushi akashi arrived here saturday and was to meet vice president ejup ganic , the bosnian presidency announced , as the un turned up the pressure on the government to sign an overall truce in bosnia .
angolan government representatives and unita rebels went into joint commission talks here saturday on the demobilisation of their rival armies in terms of a peace pact signed last month , delegates said .
an islamic militant was hanged in cairo on saturday for belonging to an underground group working to overthrow the egyptian government , the official news agency mena said .
egypt 's leading <unk> are set to make a fortune on new year 's eve and yet escape the tax man on the generous tips they collect , mostly from wealthy gulf arabs .
the outlawed khmer rouge saturday called on cambodian king norodom sihanouk to head a government of national reconciliation .
negotiators from eritrea and sudan , with which the asmara government has severed diplomatic relations , failed to reach agreement in talks mediated by yemen , a yemeni official said saturday .
a russian parliamentarian called on president boris yeltsin on saturday to declare a truce in the fighting in the breakaway republic of chechnya from # p.m. -lrb- ####gmt -rrb- .
test batsman justin langer hammered a chanceless ### not out as western australia took a firm grip on the sheffield shield game against new south wales here saturday .
at least four people were killed and nine others wounded in fierce factional fighting which erupted in the bermuda district of the somali capital mogadishu on saturday , witnesses said .
the death toll from the crash of a turkish airlines aircraft in eastern turkey rose to ## on saturday .
president jiang zemin , in a new year 's eve broadcast , called on chinese citizens to work hard and march together for peace , stability and economic development in #### , the official xinhua news agency said .
at least four people were killed and nine others wounded in fierce factional fighting which erupted in the bermuda district of the somali capital saturday , witnesses said .
greg blewett and paul <unk> scored centuries to put south australia in a commanding position against victoria after the opening day of the sheffield shield cricket match here saturday .
north korea 's reclusive leader kim jong-il was not seen at an annual year-end performance by students in pyongyang saturday , a monitoring agency said here .
a united nations ilyushin transport plane with ## people aboard failed to stop on landing here saturday and slid into a small earth wall , un spokeswoman myriam sochacki said .
russian armored vehicles fought chechen defenders in front of the presidential palace in central grozny on saturday after launching a massive ground and air assault on the separatist republic 's capital .
russian armored vehicles fought chechen defenders in front of the presidential palace in central grozny on saturday after launching a massive ground and air assault on the separatist republic 's capital .
at least eight passengers died saturday when an express train jumped its rails on the outskirts of the southern indian city of bangalore , police said .
the palestinian self-rule authority said saturday it would seek an emergency un security council debate on israeli settler activity in the west bank which it said threatened the peace process .
us marines will throw their weight behind an anti-mafia priest 's efforts to renovate crumbling social centres near palermo 's <unk> , his parish in the sicilian capital said saturday .
the united states announced saturday its intention to impose trade sanctions on china in ## days unless beijing takes steps to halt piracy of us compact discs , computer software , and other goods .
big names and big money are no strangers to this posh rocky mountain ski resort , but when britain 's princess diana blew into town the media frenzy rocked even the most seasoned residents here .
several european airlines were set to begin flights into orly airport south of paris from monday , following in the vapor trails of ths british , who won eu backing in june to break the french monopoly there .
libyan leader moamer kadhafi will visit egypt in january , libyan foreign minister omar muntasser said in remarks published saturday .
a fisherman has caught an ancient bronze statue of a woman while fishing off the south east greek island of kalymnos , minister of culture <unk> <unk> said saturday .
the united states listed saturday #.# billion dollars in chinese goods that could be hit with sanctions unless china moves to halt piracy of us compact discs , computer software and other copyright goods .
angolan government and unita delegates held talks here saturday on demobilising their forces under the terms of a peace pact , as the armed opposition 's leader jonas savimbi cast doubts on aspects of the accord .
the multinational peacekeeping force deployed in liberia will stay in place until a peace accord signed this month has been fully implemented , a force spokesman said friday , ending fears it was poised to pull out .
jacques chirac , mayor of paris and candidate in the #### presidential election , ended #### with a high profile visit to two of the apartment buildings he has taken over to house the growing number of homeless in the french capital .
<unk> canadians are being asked to have another plebiscite -- on whether to become a republic .
china late saturday announced it would take counter measures against a wide range of us goods in retaliation for washington 's decision to impose trade sanctions , xinhua reported .
a norwegian athlete who lost both his arms in a childhood accident hiked and skied his way to the south pole , according to reports here saturday .
top french anti-terrorist judge jean-louis <unk> on saturday visited marseille airport , the site of monday 's final act in the hijacking of an air france airbus by algerian islamic activists .
authorities on saturday said ### people died and ## were injured in a train wreck a day earlier , one of the severest accidents in recent years , an official release aired by state radio said .
tourism minister mahmud al-beltagui denied saturday reports that tourist safaris had been banned from egypt 's desert regions for five years .
an islamic militant was hanged in cairo on saturday for a treason offence , the official news agency mena said , as suspected moslem militants in the troubled southern region of minya shot dead a policeman , police said .
the crew of the high-flying earthwinds hilton took off saturday in the craft 's fifth attempt to fly the first non-stop balloon trek around the world .
a ##-truck united nations convoy was forced to abandon an attempt to reach the besieged enclave of bihac in northwest bosnia saturday because of military activity in the area , a un spokesman said here .
gunmen killed the deputy leader of a pro-government tamil political party outside the sri lankan capital on saturday , a party spokesman said .
greek police are hunting an italian suspected of drug trafficking after ### kilograms of cocaine , greece 's biggest haul of the drug , was discovered in a container in the port of piraeus , judicial officials said saturday .
a man claiming his male boss sexually harassed him can not sue under existing federal sexual harassment laws , according to a judge 's ruling .
zaire 's state bank has available foreign currency reserves amounting to about #,### dollars and `` some swiss francs '' , the zaire government reported saturday .
blackburn rovers shot further ahead in the english premiership on saturday as their nearest challengers had a mixed day .
former argentine football star diego maradona violated a court sentence when he took a vacation to cuba and could be jailed when he returns , prosecutor alejandro <unk> said .
thousands of people turned out saturday for the burial of three priests murdered last tuesday by islamic extremists in tizi-ouzou , the capital of algeria 's great kabylie region , residents said .
the united states said saturday it would slap trade sanctions on china unless beijing moved by february # to halt the piracy of us compact discs , computer software and other copyright goods .
the people 's bank of china , the central bank , said saturday it would raise interest rates on loans to financial institutions an average #.## percentage point from january # , xinhua reported .
a ##-year-old aspiring hairdresser was the target of a nationwide police manhunt saturday for the gunman who attacked two abortion clinics killing two women and wounding five other people .
celebrations to mark the ##th anniversary of the creation of plo chief yasser arafat 's main fatah faction began saturday with a torchlight parade through the streets of gaza .
it was a real hollywood ending for cedric ceballos , whose ## points for los angeles helped the lakers snap a home court winning streak by phoenix , the club that traded him away .
colombia 's international carlos valderrama has signed for diego maradona 's old club , newell 's old boys , in the argentinian league .
greek premier andreas papandreou said saturday he intended to suspend a probe into allegations of corruption and telephone tapping against his conservative predecessor constantin mitsotakis .
a man recently sacked from his job in a bar burst into the establishment saturday and opened fire with an automatic pistol , killing his ex-boss 's son and wounding the employer and another person .
a ##-year-old aspiring hairdresser was the target of a nationwide police manhunt saturday for the gunman who attacked two abortion clinics killing two women and wounding five other people .
stand-in boss ray harford saw blackburn rovers grind out another win to stay top of the premier league and said : `` i do n't have to defend the way we play .
nigeria 's military ruler general sani abacha pledged sunday that his regime would not cling to power .
two new militant groups were added to the list of those banned in egypt on saturday when authorities charged ## of their members with belonging to an illegal organization , a judicial official said .
the israeli army has lifted a curfew imposed on the palestinian village of el khader after demonstrators protesting the expansion of a jewish settlement clashed with troops , military officials said saturday .
police have arrested the suspect in two deadly massachusetts abortion clinic shootings after he allegedly fired at another clinic here saturday .
the bosnian serbs signed an agreement on a four-month cessation of hostilities saturday evening , the un protection force -lrb- unprofor -rrb- said here .
police have arrested the suspect in two deadly massachusetts abortion clinic shootings after he allegedly fired at another clinic here saturday , the fbi confirmed .
president francois mitterrand in his last new year 's message as head of state saturday saluted the special forces who ended last week 's air france hijack as an example of what the french can do when they pull together .
israeli settlers wildly opened fire on cars and houses in hebron in the occupied west bank on saturday , the israeli news agency itim said .
the crew of the high-flying earthwinds hilton which planned to fly the first non-stop balloon trek around the world failed saturday less than five hours after launch .
french solo yachtswoman isabelle autissier was rescued by naval helicopter from her crippled yacht half-way between australia and antarctica early sunday , maritime rescue officials said .
the war in the breakaway caucasus republic of chechnya largely clouded new year addresses saturday by leading political figures in russia .
speaking to reporters after signing the agreement , he said `` it is time to make peace and address the economic reconstruction of the country ... this is the beginning of the end of the war .
libyan leader moamer kadhafi assailed arab countries saturday , saying that after having given up land in #### the arabs would hand over their womenfolk to the israelis in #### .
pet owners are spending big bucks on hi-tech medical treatment for their cherished animals in a trend veterinarians say is proof that people are becoming more attached to their pets .
argentina , brazil , paraguay and uruguay are ringing in the new year sunday by launching south america 's biggest economic integration deal to date , a common market dubbed mercosur .
a gunman held up an american express office in this riviera city saturday and made off with nearly ###,### dollars , police said .
the green bay packers did the inconceivable saturday , shutting down star running back barry sanders to beat detroit ##-## in the first round of the national football league playoffs .
us air force airman bobby hall spent a quiet day with his family in his hometown saturday , recovering from the ordeal of ## days in captivity in north korea .
the murder rate in the us capital dropped ## percent in #### but it still remains high at ### homicides for the year , according to fbi figures published saturday .
shooting broke out in sarajevo again early sunday , but it was to welcome in the new year , hours after the signing of a four-month truce brought new hope of peace .
brazil 's ronaldo costa won the san silvestre new year 's eve road race here on saturday .
dan marino won the duel of quarterback legends on saturday , leading the miami dolphins to a ##-## victory over joe montana and kansas city in the national football league playoffs .
england won the toss and batted in the third ashes cricket test against australia at the sydney cricket ground here sunday .
the first wife of beatle drummer ringo starr , maureen cox starkey <unk> , has died after a bone marrow transplant to treat leukemia , a hospital spokesman said saturday .
as russian forces regrouped for a final assault on chechenya 's capital of grozny sunday , mounting criticism from political leaders here threatened to make president boris yeltsin as much a loser in the conflict as his chechen opponent dzhokar dudayev .
england were ## for three at lunch on the opening day of the third ashes cricket test against australia at the sydney cricket ground here sunday .
scoreboard at lunch on the opening day of the third ashes cricket test between australia and england at the sydney cricket ground here sunday .
shooting broke out in sarajevo again early sunday , but it was to welcome in the new year , hours after the signing of a four-month truce brought new hope of peace .
north korea marked the new year sunday without a customary policy address by its ruler as uncertainty persisted over kim jong-il 's succession to his father kim il-sung 's titles as president and ruling party chief .
four people were killed and around ### injured in a fire sparked by an explosion in a hotel here as revellers prepared to see in the new year , authorities said early sunday .
the shanghai branch of industrial and commercial bank of china -lrb- icbc -rrb- , the country 's largest bank , has launched the country 's first multi - functional intelligent card , news reports said sunday .
prime minister vo van kiet has announced wide-ranging reforms to vietnam 's investment procedures to speed up licensing of foreign projects and cut red tape by bringing larger schemes under his direct control .
an explosive device hurled into a crowd of people celebrating the new year at a russian naval officers ' club injured ## , including three children , early sunday , <unk> news agency reported .
president vladimir putin remains popular with russian voters despite a political storm surrounding the arrest of yukos oil chief mikhail khodorkovsky , according to a new poll .
england prop jason leonard will win his ###th cap on sunday against uruguay after being called up to replace trevor woodman when the latter was forced out with a back strain on saturday .
president vladimir putin remains popular with russian voters despite a political storm surrounding the arrest of yukos oil chief mikhail khodorkovsky , according to a new poll .
another us soldier was killed in iraq , after us consular officials warned of fresh attacks and washington insisted there was no evidence ousted dictator saddam hussein is coordinating strikes in the country .
the injury-plagued golden state warriors lost another player friday , placing rookie forward mickael pietrus on the injured list with a sprained left ankle .
taiwan president chen shui-bian called for taiwan to be given a voice in the international community , during a stopover in new york that has prompted an irritated china to warn of repercussions on sino-us relations .
the united states showed friday it has every intention of qualifying for the olympics and defending its gold medal .
four days after it appeared negotiations had fallen apart , the minnesota wild and star right wing marian gaborik have settled on a multi-year deal .
england were set to win their second test against bangladesh on saturday as the home side crashed to ##-# at lunch on the fourth day after being set a target of ### .
sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels saturday announced they would end their eight-month boycott of peace talks and invited the colombo government to resume negotiations , focused on their recently unveiled blueprint for peace .
construction on the much-delayed international airport in india 's technology hub of bangalore will begin in december , the chief minister of southern karnataka state said saturday .
british explorer ranulph fiennes completed his sixth marathon at dawn on saturday in egypt , leaving him with only one more to run to achieve his goal of seven marathons on as many continents in the space of a week .
several us soldiers were wounded saturday by a roadside bomb in mosul , ### kilometers -lrb- ### miles -rrb- north of baghdad , a coalition spokeswoman said .
england thrashed bangladesh by ### runs in the second and final test to win their first-ever series #-# at the m.a. aziz stadium here on saturday .
burundi 's government and largest rebel group were scheduled to resume meeting in pretoria saturday to put the finishing touches on an agreement aimed at bringing peace to the war-torn central african country .
indonesia plans to divest ## percent of the state gas company through an initial public offering in december , press reports said saturday .
a ##-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a man whose body was found sprawled in the seedy hong kong district of mong kok last month , a police spokeswoman said saturday .
renowned israeli sculptor <unk> shemi died overnight at the age of ## , his family said saturday .
over #,### homosexual activists marched here saturday to campaign for the legalisation of same-sex marriages in taiwan and the right for gay couples to adopt children .
man-made chemicals kill some ###,### people a year and those most at risk , including women , children and the poor , need urgent protection from the hazard , said the organisers of a global meeting that opened here saturday .
local rookie ahn <unk> took a three-stroke lead over a trailing pack of four contenders after the second round of the <unk> tour 's cj nine bridges classic in south korea 's southern resort island of jeju on saturday .
phipps <unk> overcame an eye injury to help world silver medallists the united states beat south korea in five sets to kick off the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on saturday .
a turkish engineer working on a road project in afghanistan has been kidnapped and his suspected taliban and al-qaeda abductors are demanding the release of six taliban prisoners , officials and company sources said saturday .
officials of palestinian leader yasser arafat 's fatah movement were to meet saturday for more talks on the formation of a new government headed by prime minister ahmed qorei , fatah sources said .
influential islamist figures in kuwait have urged the emirate 's authorities to ban a concert scheduled later this month by lebanese heart throb pascal <unk> , newspapers reported saturday .
dubai 's five-billion dollar project to give the middle east a theme park similar to disneyland will include an ## million square foot -lrb- #.# million sq metre -rrb- sports city at a cost of ### million dollars .
syria agreed to allow iraq 's us-installed interim leadership to take part in a meeting of the occupied nation 's neighbors saturday in an ##th hour climbdown that cleared the way for the participation of washington 's arab allies .
the #### world cup in the west indies looks set to be expanded to take in ## teams , the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- has announced after a meeting in barbados .
australian captain ricky ponting elected to bat after winning the toss against india in a day-night match of the triangular one-day series at the wankhede stadium here on saturday .
arsenal coach arsene wenger has again defended his team 's disciplinary record despite admitting that the londoners ' title challenge could be damaged by the suspension of key players .
at least ## people have been killed in fighting between pro-government militias in afghanistan 's southwestern helmand province , a report said saturday .
south africa 's world cup win over samoa here saturday ended in a bizarre security breach as a fan ran on to the pitch and tried to tackle springbok replacement fly-half louis koen as he took a last-minute conversion .
nine maoist rebels were killed in clashes in nepal , police said saturday , as the united states branded the guerrillas a threat to us national security .
indian troops have shot dead four suspected islamic militants in different operations in the restive himalayan region of kashmir , police said saturday .
some ### people , including many children , have fallen ill in an outbreak of typhoid fever during the past month in the capital of tajikistan , health officials told afp saturday .
muscat , nov # -lrb- afp -rrb- the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- is recommending that oman introduce a personal income tax among a number of short and medium term measures as part of the sultanate 's diversification efforts .
britain 's tim henman backed wimbledon champion roger federer to bounce back in style despite the swiss star being booed and jeered off court here after a dismal defeat in the quarter-finals of the paris masters on friday .
palestinian leader yasser arafat 's dominant fatah movement met saturday to discuss the make-up of prime minister ahmad qorei 's new government , as reports said a summit between qorei and his israeli counterpart ariel sharon was in the offing .
english stayer <unk> was listed as one of three equal favorites here on saturday for australia 's greatest horse race , the melbourne cup at flemington on tuesday .
officials from sri lanka and bangladesh saturday began two days of talks here on a free trade agreement .
japan 's largest opposition party pledged saturday to urge the united states to move its marines out of okinawa if it wins the upcoming lower house election , a report said .
kenya 's anti-corruption body has seized several <unk> , including hotels and duty-free shops , believed to have been acquired with money obtained through corruption , an official said saturday .
thirteen maoist rebels were killed in clashes in nepal , police said saturday , as the united states branded the guerrillas a threat to us national security .
the indian air force has been struggling to sign up new recruits because of concern about its frequent aircraft crashes , a survey has found , according to a report saturday .
italian tenor luciano pavarotti is to wed his companion nicoletta mantovani in his hometown of modena , in northern italy , on december ## , the italian press said saturday .
the australian rugby union -lrb- aru -rrb- are to hold an emergency meeting on sunday to review security measures after a fan attempted to tackle a player in south africa 's world cup win over samoa .
the football association rejected on saturday claims that england players were cocaine users .
russian president vladimir putin will travel to italy next week to attend a russia-european union summit , the kremlin 's press service said saturday .
reigning champions australia clung on for a ##-## win over a determined ireland side here saturday as the wallabies were given their first real test of the world cup .
us soldiers were patrolling the baghdad suburb of abu gharib saturday , after clashes the previous day claimed the lives of three people and left ## wounded .
three international aid groups saturday demanded an expansion of the nato-led peacekeeping force in afghanistan to establish peace and security in the violence-plagued country .
a palestinian was shot dead by israeli troops in the northern west bank city of nablus saturday , palestinian security and hospital sources said .
european union member states saturday welcomed the unveiling of a tamil tiger blueprint for a power-sharing arrangement as an `` important step forward in the peace process '' .
excerpts of debates in saudi arabia 's majlis <unk> or consultative council are to be shown in a weekly television program for the first time as part of moves towards political openness , a member of the advisory body told afp on saturday .
the west african regional grouping ecowas is to hold a summit later this month to get the peace deal that ended fighting in ivory coast back on track , diplomatic sources said here saturday .
the mainstream fatah movement on saturday nominated the deputy for hebron in the west bank , rafiq <unk> , as their candidate for palestinian parliament speaker .
turkey and ukraine are discussing the possibility of cooperating in reconstruction projects in iraq , ukrainian foreign minister konstantin grishchenko said on saturday .
iraq 's interim foreign minister hoshyar zebari said saturday that he will not take part in a meeting in damascus with neighbouring countries because he did not receive a proper invitation .
ankara is seeking the release of a turkish engineer abducted in southeastern afghanistan and is in close contact with the us and pakistani authorities to that end , foreign minister abdullah gul said on saturday .
sudan 's president accused the leader of southern rebel forces in his country of waffling on questions holding up their peace accord in an interview published saturday by an egyptian daily .
us soldiers were patrolling the baghdad suburb of abu gharib on saturday after clashes the previous day claimed the lives of three people and left ## wounded .
a united nations security team will arrive at this coastal town next week and meet relocated un international staff to probe how best to protect the organization 's mission in iraq , a un official told afp saturday .
indians with more than ###,### workers have become the largest community among foreigners employed by kuwait 's private sector , the social affairs and labor minister said saturday .
iraq 's interim foreign minister hoshyar zebari said saturday that he will not take part in a meeting in damascus with neighbouring countries because he did not receive a proper invitation .
a liberal kuwaiti lawmaker called on the government saturday to change its weekend to <unk> for the benefit of the emirate 's business sector and its international relations .
palestinian leader yasser arafat 's dominant fatah group met here saturday to discuss the make-up of prime minister ahmad qorei 's new government , amid reports qorei and israeli counterpart ariel sharon could hold a summit .
the head of the iranian parliament 's national security and foreign policy commission has confirmed the arrest and detention of a iranian-american academic on suspicion of spying , the state news agency irna reported saturday .
sixteen people including thirteen maoists and three security personnel were killed in clashes across the country saturday , police said .
the foreign ministers of egypt , sudan and ethiopia will meet here on december # to discuss the conflicts plaguing the horn of africa , egypt 's top diplomat ahmed maher said saturday .
rebels saturday seized control of a district headquarters in afghanistan 's eastern kunar province , looted government arms and set fire to the building before fleeing , private afghan islamic press -lrb- aip -rrb- reported .
australia 's todd woodbridge saw his hopes of setting a new record for winning doubles titles shattered here on saturday when he and partner jonas bjorkman were beaten in the semi-finals of the paris masters .
the german football league -lrb- dfl -rrb- has rejected a request from sv hamburg to break open the transfer window regulation so the club can sign bayer leverkusen keeper tom starke .
prince charles , heir to the british throne , will arrive here on november # for a five-day visit as a guest of sultan qaboos bin said , the british embassy told afp saturday .
german pay-per-view broadcaster premiere has confirmed that it will show live bundesliga games until #### .
the sudanese government on saturday played down the importance of a merger between the southern main rebel group , the sudan people 's liberation army\/movement -lrb- spla -rrb- , and a pro-government militia .
the chief of the general staff of united kingdom , general mike jackson , arrived here saturday evening on a six-day visit accompanied by his wife sarah jackson , state-run radio reported saturday .
bayern munich 's veteran defender thomas linke has revealed that he would like to end his career in the english premiership if bayern feel he is surplus to requirements at the olympic stadium .
damien martyn hit a solid ### to help world champions australia post a challenging ###-# against india in a triangular one-day series match here on wednesday .
two us soldiers were killed saturday as iraq braced for fresh violence and rumors of a bloody `` day of resistance '' <unk> baghdad , exactly six months after president george w. bush declared major fighting over .
the new chief of the us-installed governing council in baghdad , urged iraq 's neighbouring countries saturday to help the war-torn nation crush <unk> terror .
chris sutton wiped out the bitter memories of his last trip to rugby park with a hat-trick as celtic extended their lead at the top of the spl with a #-# win over kilmarnock .
two soldiers and four rebels were killed saturday near the burundian capital bujumbura in an attack blamed on the central african country 's second-largest hutu rebel group , officials said .
a yemeni islamist radical leader has hosted a dinner for security chiefs who cracked down on his gunmen in the province of abyan after he was granted a presidential pardon , local sources said saturday .
indian troops shot dead five suspected islamic rebels in kashmir , while nine civilians were injured in a militant grenade attack , police said saturday .
heir to the british throne prince charles spent saturday revelling in royal indian splendor , visiting ancient palaces and meeting indian royalty .
an irish mother of ## , whom the ira murdered ## years ago for alleged collaboration with the british after she helped a dying soldier , was buried saturday after her remains were recently discovered .
an egyptian member of parliament on saturday said he would sue britain and france for ## billion dollars in compensation for their invasion of the suez canal zone in #### .
two illegal immigrants were saturday found dead on a spanish beach , taking to ## the number of bodies washed ashore since a boat ran into difficulties off the southern coast a week ago , officials said .
rwanda on saturday accused a un panel of experts that wrote a report on the alleged massive plunder of natural resources in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- of <unk> bias .
chris sutton wiped out the bitter memories of his last trip to rugby park with a hat-trick as celtic extended their lead at the top of the spl with a #-# win over kilmarnock .
italian deputy prime minister gianfranco fini , whose past association with post-war italian fascism has marred his relations with the jewish community , will visit israel before the end of the year , an italian newspaper reported saturday .
the afghan government saturday handed over three arrested pakistan to the neighbouring country 's mission in kabul as a gesture of goodwill , officials said .
about ###,### trade unionists and anti-globalisation activists took to the streets of berlin saturday to protest the german government 's social and economic reforms , police said .
franco bonisolli , a leading italian tenor with vienna state opera for more than ## years , has died at the age of ## at his home in monte carlo , his family said saturday .
russian premier league novices kazan twice came from behind to grab the national championship bronze medal , beating newly-crowned champions cska moscow #-# in the final matchday saturday .
two libyan men , previously cleared of insulting saudi foreign minister prince saud al-faisal in september , went back on trial in egypt on saturday after a complaint from riyadh , judicial sources said .
the blue bulls shrugged off the absence of eight springboks on rugby world cup duty to retain the currie cup with a ##-## win over the natal sharks saturday .
world champion valentino rossi will be on pole position for the final motogp of the season here on sunday .
an ethnic minority party on saturday branded as `` tyrannical '' a government ban slapped on its activities and accused khartoum of seeking to wipe out the beja community .
liberian president gyude bryant saturday said he was lowering the price of rice and petroleum products , keeping a pledge to jumpstart the war-affected economy he made when he took office last month .
the top us military commander in iraq on saturday played down a recent surge in bloodshed , insisting there was security across much of the country and that the coalition was winning the war on terror .
a driver slammed a car into the hall where us president george w. bush had just finished a speech in support of republican candidates here saturday .
the tiny balkan republic of montenegro began its first population census since the break-up of the former yugoslavia on saturday , ## months after the survey was due to take place .
us overseer in iraq paul bremer pledged saturday that the us-led coalition would speed up the handover of political and security powers to iraqis after a surge of car bombings and other attacks .
part of the historic center of venice was under water saturday after two days of rain , snow and high winds , and boards were in place in saint mark 's square so pedestrians can keep their feet dry .
damien martyn cracked a responsible ### in difficult conditions as world champions australia whipped india by ## runs in a triangular one-day cricket series match here on saturday .
celtic blasted five goals past kilmarnock on saturday to maintain their early season edge over glasgow rivals rangers in the scottish premier league title race .
damien martyn cracked a responsible ### in difficult conditions as world champions australia whipped india by ## runs in a triangular one-day cricket series match here on saturday .
a spokesman for the russian foreign ministry on saturday said us doubts about russia 's commitment to free markets and an independent judiciary in the yukos case showed a lack of respect .
hundreds of roman catholic children and their parents turned out here saturday for their first `` march of the saints '' in protest against what organisers called the `` black message of halloween .
a driver slammed a car into the hall where us president george w. bush had just finished a speech in support of republican candidates here saturday .
algeria 's exiled socialist leader called on the international community saturday to stop backing his country 's government , warning that the country would otherwise descend into chaos .
vfb stuttgart 's #-# win over sc freiburg saturday has come at a cost with brazilian defensive pillar marcelo bordon needing an operation to cure his troublesome groin .
the number of illegal immigrants known to have died in a shipwreck off the coast of spain last weekend rose to ## saturday with the discovery of five more bodies .
sebastian deisler has been declared doubtful for bayern munich 's crucial champions league match with lyon on wednesday .
hundreds of british troops and emergency workers saturday staged a simulated chemical attack to test responses in the event of a real terror strike hitting britain .
a german politician who has caused a storm with remarks widely deemed to be anti-semitic said saturday he had been misunderstood and had `` only told the truth .
arsenal rounded off a miserable week for leeds with a <unk> masterclass that extended their unbeaten start to the season to ## games .
david pleat 's unbeaten run as spurs ' caretaker manager came to an end as kevin nolan fired bolton out of the relegation zone .
cuban president fidel castro called into question the mental might of future california governor arnold schwarzenegger and slammed us `` imperialism '' in iraq .
a russian foreign ministry spokesman said saturday us doubts about russia 's commitment to free markets and an independent judiciary in the yukos case showed a lack of respect .
a driver slammed a car into the hall where us president george w. bush had just finished a speech in support of republican candidates here saturday .
two people were injured in an explosion outside an office used by two opposition parties in georgia saturday on the eve of a tense parliamentary election , a private television station d with eggs on halloween , later collapsed and died after chasing a group of youths , police said saturday .
french champions lyon smashed five unanswered goals past nice on saturday to move top of the table on goal difference ahead of the evening 's remaining league matches .
adrian mutu 's second-half header for chelsea punished profligate everton with the only goal at goodison park on saturday .
irish apprentice jockey sean cleary has died as a result of injuries sustained in a fall during a race at galway on october ## , the irish turf club announced on saturday .
palestinian leader yasser arafat 's dominant fatah group met here saturday to discuss the make-up of prime minister ahmad qorei 's new government , amid reports qorei and israeli counterpart ariel sharon could hold a summit .
juninho 's late entry for middlesbrough changed the course of the match in their #-# victory over wolverhampton wanderers in english premiership action on saturday .
the official estimate of the unemployment rate in egypt has risen to #.# percent of the active population , from nine percent last year , the official mena news agency reported saturday .
newcastle manager bobby robson put a brave face on alan shearer 's penalty miss in their #-# home draw against aston villa on saturday and predicted the former england captain would bounce back well .
a woman slammed her car into the hall where us president george w. bush had just finished a speech in support of republican candidates here saturday .
manchester united boss sir alex ferguson believes a single slip-up could be enough to determine the outcome of this season 's three-way title tussle with arsenal and chelsea .
pope john paul ii did not follow his past practice of going down into the crypt of saint peter 's cathedral on saturday to pray at the tombs of his predecessors , vatican sources said .
a large crucifix was erected saturday outside a school in central italy that has been at the center of a controversy over the display of crucifixes in public schools in this largely roman catholic country .
struggling spanish second division club rayo vallecano have sacked their coach and former spanish international goalkeeper julen <unk> , the club announced after losing #-# at home to eibar on saturday .
the foreign ministers of yemen , sudan and ethiopia began a two-day meeting here saturday to prepare a summit of their heads of state in addis ababa next month , yemen 's abu bakr al-kurbi said .
twenty-two former and current brazilian government officials were sentenced friday to prison terms of up to ## years for bribery , tax evasion and money laundering , press reports said saturday .
palestinian leader yasser arafat 's dominant fatah group met here saturday to discuss the make-up of prime minister ahmad qorei 's new government , amid reports qorei and israeli counterpart ariel sharon could hold a summit .
ismailia of egypt snatched two late goals to stun title favorites esperance of tunisia #-# saturday in the first leg of a dramatic african champions league semi-final .
unseeded milagros sequera continued her improbable run at the ###,###-dollar bell challenge on saturday , reaching her first career wta tour final with a rout of top-seeded mary pierce of france .
mark viduka 's future at leeds is up in the air once more after the australian striker was dropped for saturday 's premiership clash with arsenal for `` disciplinary reasons .
arsenal manager arsene wenger believed man of the match thierry henry let leeds off lightly in their #-# premiership defeat at elland road on saturday .
retief goosen kept his lead saturday at the #.# million dollar pga chrysler championship but must hold off vijay singh , the hottest player in the world , if he 's to make it to hawaii next season .
retief goosen kept his lead saturday at the #.# million dollar pga chrysler championship but must hold off vijay singh , the hottest player in the world , if he 's to make it to hawaii next season .
france 's revolutionary communist league -lrb- <unk> -rrb- has dropped its long-held <unk> of the dictatorship of the <unk> .
one person was killed and six others , including a child , were injured saturday when a car bomb exploded in the city of florencia , ### kilometers -lrb- ### miles -rrb- south of bogota , police said .
- sporting plunging <unk> , <unk> van dykes , and bushy <unk> beards , more than ### of the world 's most <unk> men paraded down a catwalk here saturdy in the sixth world beard and moustache championships .
two us soldiers were killed in northern iraq as president george w. bush ruled out a `` premature '' withdrawal while his overseer in baghdad vowed to speed up the handover of authority to iraqis .
harry potter author j.k. rowling was the highest female earner in britain during the year to september , earning eight times more than queen elizabeth ii , according to a survey in the sunday times newspaper .
at least three people were killed and ## injured saturday when a massive car bomb exploded in the city of florencia , ### kilometers -lrb- ### miles -rrb- south of bogota , police said .
at least three people were killed and ## injured saturday when a bomb exploded in a house in the city of florencia , ### kilometers -lrb- ### miles -rrb- south of bogota , police said .
south africa 's world cup hopes were dealt a devastating blow here sunday after star flanker joe van niekerk was ruled out of the rest of the tournament with a serious knee injury .
south africa 's world cup hopes were dealt a devastating blow here sunday after star flanker joe van niekerk was ruled out of the rest of the tournament with a serious knee injury .
rescuers have given up hope of finding seven miners trapped in a flooded coal mine in western-most china 's xinjiang region nearly two weeks ago , state press said sunday .
ireland 's all-time record tryscorer denis hickie has been ruled out of the world cup after suffering a serious achilles injury during the ##-## defeat to australia , team officials said sunday .
mario lemieux , pittsburgh 's oft-injured superstar center and owner , suffered a strained hip flexor in the first period and did not return for the remainder of penguins ' #-# victory national hockey league victory over boston .
france 's revolutionary communist league -lrb- <unk> -rrb- has announced it is moving away from old soviet-style rhetoric , as a new opinion poll shows the extreme-left making significant ground on the mainstream political scene .
three people were killed and another seriously injured in the vietnamese capital after a parcel bomb exploded , state media said sunday .
chinese premier wen jiabao opened the second annual boao asian economic forum sunday , urging leaders of the region and other participants to step up efforts to promote economic growth and regional security .
polling stations opened in georgia early sunday as voting got under way in the caucasus mountains republic 's parliamentary elections .
russia 's alexei yagudin , the reigning olympic gold medallist and a four-time world champion , will say goodbye to canadian fans sunday in a special performance after the conclusion of the skate canada grand prix .
floyd mayweather stopped south african phillip <unk> in the seventh round here saturday to remain undefeated and keep his world boxing council lightweight title .
attorney general philip ruddock on sunday said australian spies needed stronger powers to detain suspected terrorists as the deportation of a frenchman linked to al-qaeda last month had exposed flaws in the system .
hooker brendan cannon and center matt burke gave the wallabies a boost on sunday when they were cleared of serious injuries suffered in saturday 's tense ##-## win over ireland .
one night after securing a spot in the wta tour championships , anastasia myskina earned a spot in the final of the advanta championships , where she 'll take on french second seed amelie mauresmo .
israel loosened its tight grip on the gaza strip on sunday , allowing ##,### palestinian workers to enter israel , a military spokesman announced .
bulgarian voters went to the polls sunday for the second round of municipal elections , with the former communists hoping to continue the sweeping success they had in the first round and take charge of the biggest cities of sofia and plovdiv .
kobe bryant brushed off some boos , the lingering effects of knee surgery and the ever-present shadow of his looming trial on a rape charge to help lift the lakers to victory in his first game of the national basketball association regular season .
pakistani president pervez musharraf sunday said economic cooperation was the key to asia 's development , but observed that tensions in south asia and instability in afghanistan adversely affected such endeavors , china 's state press reported .
australia 's live sheep exports have sunk to a ##-year low in the wake of a row with saudi arabia over the so-called `` ship of death '' , meat and livestock australia -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said sunday .
four policemen were arrested for allegedly mugging two businessmen in the bangladeshi capital dhaka where residents have been protesting against police abuses , a newspaper said sunday .
australia 's hussein hussein is looking to knock out thailand world champion pongsaklek wonjongkam in their world boxing council -lrb- wbc -rrb- flyweight title fight in bangkok later this month .
a us helicopter was shot down sunday morning at baghdad international airport leaving at least ## casualties , the us-led coalition said in a statement .
un human rights envoy paulo sergio pinheiro will monday begin a difficult mission to myanmar , returning to the military-run country after his last trip was cut short by an embarrassing bugging incident .
at least ## people died when a bus driver lost control of his vehicle and it toppled into a deep gorge near the hindu pilgrimage town of <unk> in western india , police said sunday .
five israeli soldiers were wounded early sunday after a device exploded in the center of the west bank town of nablus , according to palestinian and israeli sources .
injuries begun to take their toll on the rugby world cup quarter-finalists sunday with two top players joining the casualty list .
saudi arabia , the world 's top oil exporter , said sunday it was `` satisfied '' with oil prices and committed to working with other producers to guarantee price stability .
iran 's foreign ministry said sunday it had summoned britain 's ambassador to tehran over comments made by tony blair , in which the prime minister said the islamic republic 's climbdown over nuclear cooperation was a direct result of the war in iraq .
at least seven people including two civilians were killed in fighting between rival militias in afghanistan 's northern <unk> province , officials said sunday .
myanmar 's monks have been ordered to observe a curfew and monasteries and mosques are under surveillance after violence between buddhists and muslims left a dozen dead , officials and witnesses said sunday .
indian cricket selectors have recalled fast bowler ashish nehra for the next two league matches of the ongoing triangular one-day series .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon flew out of israel on sunday morning bound for moscow where he is due to hold talks with russian president vladimir putin .
iran 's foreign ministry said sunday that dariush <unk> , an iranian-american academic detained on suspicion of spying , would be freed `` today or tomorrow '' on bail .
air traffic at israel 's main international airport was due to come to a complete standstill sunday afternoon on the eve of a planned general strike as deliveries to petrol stations were halted .
un human rights envoy paulo sergio pinheiro will monday begin a difficult mission to myanmar , returning to the military-run country after his last trip was cut short by an embarrassing bugging incident .
the eagerly anticipated first novel by indian-american writer jhumpa lahiri was published in india littered with <unk> errors because the publisher opened the wrong computer file , a report said sunday .
a us soldier was killed sunday in a bomb attack on a military convoy traveling through baghdad , the us military said in a statement .
at least ## people died when a bus driver lost control of his vehicle and it toppled into a deep gorge near the hindu pilgrimage town of <unk> in western india , police said sunday .
at least one person was killed sunday in hindu-muslim violence set off by a children 's cricket match in the riot-torn western indian state of gujarat , officials said .
taiwan president chen shui-bian has hailed the easing of restrictions by the united states on his visit to new york , taiwanese television reports said sunday .
india will spend #.# billion dollars in the next four years to bridge its growing technological divide , including the construction of an internet device <unk> to illiterate villagers , a civil servant announced sunday .
a south korean delegation will visit washington this week for talks with us officials on their request for korean troops to be deployed in iraq , a news agency here said sunday .
firefighters aided by favorable weather gained the upper hand with california 's most destructive blazes sunday , allowing many evacuees to begin returning to their homes , officials said .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei was putting the finishing touches to the line-up of a new enlarged cabinet sunday which would take office later this week , palestinian sources said .
asian champions china outgunned four-time defending champions cuba for their second straight win in the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on sunday .
tribal separatists abducted and shot dead a woman and her four sons in a revenge attack in india 's troubled northeastern state of tripura , police said sunday .
shenzhen , china , nov # -lrb- afp -rrb- this has been a year of firsts for the world 's top ranked woman golfer annika sorenstam .
foreign ministers from iraq 's six neighbouring countries plus egypt began formal talks on the country 's growing instability here sunday morning without a delegation from baghdad 's us-backed governing council .
bolton manager sam allardyce was full of praise for his nigerian skipper jay-jay okocha after his sparkling performance inspired a #-# win at tottenham .
sri lanka 's minority muslims are preparing their own peace plan in response to an historic power-sharing proposal offered by tamil tiger rebels , the main muslim party here said sunday .
iran 's foreign ministry said sunday it had summoned britain 's ambassador to tehran over reported comments by prime minister tony blair linking the islamic republic 's climbdown over nuclear cooperation to the war in iraq .
a contingent of ### philippine soldiers has departed for liberia to take part in peacekeeping operations in that country , the military said sunday .
two people were reported missing as taiwan braced for storm melor , which was approaching the southern part of the island , officials said .
manchester city manager kevin keegan has insisted he has not had a bust-up with nicolas anelka despite the french striker being left out of the side which won #-# at southampton .
egyptian foreign minister ahmed maher hit out at the us-backed governing council in iraq on sunday for refusing to attend a regional summit in syria to discuss the war-torn country 's growing instability .
the european union will issue a report wednesday on turkey 's progress towards meeting membership criteria , but the explosive issue of cyprus could still prove a major obstacle in ankara 's bid to join the bloc .
twenty international airlines operating from london 's heathrow airport were hit sunday by a ##-hour strike by check-in staff and baggage handlers , officials said .
the ugandan army on sunday claimed that it had killed a senior commander of the rebel lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- in fighting in the northeast of the country .
talks were set to resume sunday between royal mail and labor union leaders to end a growing wildcat strike that has thrown postal services in britain into disarray .
indian troops sunday shot dead three islamic militants in restive kashmir , police said .
in a show of support for embattled afghan president hamid karzai , a high-level un security council delegation would jet into kabul late sunday to emphasise international support for reconstructing the war-ravaged nation .
england coach clive woodward blasted flanker joe worsley for returning the applause of some english fans when he was <unk> near the end of the ###-## thrashing of uruguay here on sunday .
three people were killed and ## injured sunday in hindu-muslim violence set off by a dispute over a children 's cricket match in the riot-torn western indian state of gujarat , officials said .
swiss coach marcel koller will take charge at cologne replacing friedhelm funkel who was axed last week after the club slumped to ##th in the bundesliga .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon sunday arrived in moscow for a three-day visit during which he is expected to try to convince russian president vladimir putin to drop efforts to turn the `` roadmap '' for peace in the middle east into a binding un resolution .
brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva arrived sunday in sao tome , the first leg of a five-country african tour to rally support for his campaign against wealthy nations ' farm subsidies .
zebedayo bayo of tanzania on sunday won the ##st edition of the athens classic marathon , run over next year 's olympic course , in #hr ##min ##sec .
asian nations must commit themselves to developing the potential of their ### million children , ensuring they thrive and not just survive , delegates at a unicef <unk> children is not a question of charity or welfare .
thirteen soldiers died and more than ## others were wounded sunday when a us helicopter was shot down in iraq after washington vowed to speed up the handover of power and regional nations met to weigh up the escalating violence .
iran reiterated sunday it remained unwilling to totally halt uranium enrichment , but pledged that it remained committed to answering any new questions from the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- .
zebedayo bayo of tanzania on sunday won the ##st edition of the athens classic marathon , run over next year 's olympic course , in #hr ##min ##sec .
australia 's casey stoner won his first grand prix here on sunday when the ###cc rider triumphed in the valencia grand prix , the final event of the world motorcycling championship .
khartoum has denied dropping bombs on rebel-held areas in western sudan , saying rather that the air strike targeted areas not included in a ceasefire agreement , media reports said sunday .
kuwait petroleum corp. -lrb- kpc -rrb- has revised upward the prices of liquefied petroleum gas -lrb- lpg -rrb- products for november , the emirate 's oil giant said sunday .
manuel poggiali won the world motorcycle championship in the ###cc category here sunday after finishing third on an aprilia in the ##th and final race of the season .
portugal is preparing for the possibility of biochemical attacks during next year 's european football championships by buying smallpox vaccinations , the government 's health ministry said sunday .
rangers ' german midfielder christian nerlinger has been ruled out of tuesday 's champions league clash with manchester united and dutchman fernando ricksen is extremely doubtful .
maoist rebels sunday accused the united states of seeking military bases in nepal to target china and india after washington declared the guerrillas a national security threat and froze their assets .
manuel poggiali won the world motorcycle championship in the ###cc category here sunday after finishing third on an aprilia in the ##th and final race of the season .
democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- president joseph kabila left <unk> state visit to the united states since he assumed the presidency in january #### following the assassination of his father laurent kabila .
china demonstrated their dominance of badminton again sunday when they won three of the five titles , including the men 's and womens singles , in the ###,### us dollar hong kong open .
a poll which found most europeans see israel as the biggest threat to world peace sparked a major backlash sunday , with politicians and commentators arguing the findings were evidence of anti-semitism on the continent .
pope john paul ii exhorted believers not to see death as the end , but as the passage to eternal life , in his weekly prayers on sunday in saint peter 's square .
india 's junior cricketers put up a spirited fight to outclass pakistan by ten runs in an exciting and close asian tri-series match , the first between the arch-rivals in pakistan for five years .
eight former rwandan officials , including the alleged mastermind of the #### genocide in which up to one million people died , are set to appear before the un war crimes tribunal in northern tanzania on monday .
indian troops sunday shot dead six islamic militants in restive kashmir and a civilian was killed by rebels , police said .
turkey is planning to lop six zeros off the national currency in a bid to stem the rampant inflation that has stalked the economy for years , finance minister kemal unakitan said sunday .
the anglican church in nigeria rejects the consecration of an openly gay bishop in the united states , but a split in the world church is not inevitable , a nigerian archbishop said sunday .
the egyptian union of journalists lodged a fresh protest sunday against remarks made by the us ambassador to cairo criticizing the country 's press .
german swimming star franziska van almsick revealed sunday that she will quit the sport after the #### olympic games in athens .
four sri lankan ministers opened direct talks with a tamil tiger leader in northern sri lanka sunday , a day after the guerrillas publicly unveiled their <unk> power-sharing plan , officials said .
italy 's newly-crowned world gp champion valentino rossi won the ##th and final race of the championship here sunday to bring his season to a triumphant end .
six months before eu enlargement , only four of the ## eu states have ratified the treaty that fixes the rules for admitting the ## new <unk> , the prime minister 's office said a vote in parliament may have to wait until `` the beginning of next year .
egyptian president hosni mubarak is to visit damascus on monday for talks with his syrian counterpart bashar al-assad on israel 's `` threats against syria , '' a diplomatic source said here sunday .
formula one team toyota are at the center of an espionage investigation with local police visiting the japanese team 's factory in cologne and questioning a male employee suspected of betraying his former team ferrari .
indebted airline gulf air reported sunday a `` record performance '' in the third quarter of #### that should enable a target of slashing net losses in half to be met this year .
police acting on a tip-off from residents scared that butchers might have been selling donkey meat to the public have found the remains of nine of the animals in a cairo dump , police sources said sunday .
kuwait 's court of appeals sunday upheld a verdict acquitting six kuwaitis charged of plotting attacks on us troops , and reduced a fine against two of them for illegal possession of arms , a lawyer said .
italy 's newly-crowned world gp champion valentino rossi won the ##th and final race of the championship here sunday to bring his season to a triumphant end .
england coach clive woodward has called on london wasps lock simon shaw as cover while england assess an injury picked up by danny grewcock in the game against uruguay sunday .
bayern munich coach ottmar hitzfeld labeled his side `` mediocre '' after another lacklustre display saw the reigning champions lose #-# to schalke ## on saturday .
the <unk> indian spiritual leader ravi shankar is to employ his unique brand of stress reduction techniques in a bid to ease tensions in the middle east .
security forces in the former soviet republic of georgia said sunday they had found a cache of weapons which was to have been used in an attack on president eduard shevardnadze .
talks resumed sunday between royal mail and labor union leaders to end a growing wildcat strike that has thrown postal services in britain into disarray .
police acting on a tip-off from residents scared that butchers might have been selling donkey meat to the public have found the remains of nine of the animals in a cairo dump , police sources said sunday .
bahrain-based taib bank announced sunday it is repositioning itself to become a private bank focused on serving <unk> individuals , families and institutional clients .
four more bodies were discovered off southern spain on sunday , bringing to ## the number of immigrants known to have died in a shipwreck eight days ago , local authorities said .
european champions ac milan will be without striker filippo inzaghi and brazilian wing-back serginho for tuesday 's vital first phase champions league match away to belgian club bruges .
nick heidfeld claims he is not washed up in formula one at the age of ## and has vowed to find a drive for next season after being released by the sauber team .
spain 's carlos rodiles and sweden 's fredrik jacobson went to a playoff for the volvo masters here on sunday after both men were tied at ##-under par after ## holes .
spanish international forward raul is set to sign a deal that will keep him at real madrid for the rest of his career , the club announced sunday .
australia warmed up for their three-test series with great britain by running up a record ##-# winning margin against overwhelmed wales here on sunday .
the ugandan army on sunday said it killed the second in command of the rebel lord 's resistance army in fighting in the northeast of the country and rescued ### children taken captive by the insurgents .
heir to the british throne prince charles spent sunday in the west indian desert state of rajasthan , visiting ancient forts escorted by the region 's former monarchy .
kenyan margaret okayo , ## , won the women 's section of the new york city marathon here sunday in an unofficial course record time of #hr ##min ##sec .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder sunday sent his condolences to us president george w. bush after ## soldiers were killed when a us military helicopter was downed in iraq , the german government said in a statement .
german swimming star franziska van almsick revealed sunday that she will bring the curtain down on her glittering career after the #### olympic games in athens .
kenyan martin lel , ## , won the ##th new york city marathon here sunday in the unofficial time of #hr ##min ##sec .
two people were killed as suspected maoist rebels clashed with police in the eastern indian state of bihar , an official said .
sweden 's fredrik jacobson won the season ending volvo masters here on sunday after he beat spain 's carlos rodiles on the fourth playoff hole after both players had finished tied at ##-under par after ## holes .
three ukrainian women , working in the czech republic in the clothing industry , were killed sunday in a road accident in the center of the country , police said .
australia warmed up for their upcoming three-test series with great britain by running up a record ##-# winning margin against overwhelmed wales here on sunday .
leicester city moved off the bottom of the premiership table with a hard-fought #-# win over fellow strugglers blackburn here on sunday .
the kremlin 's new chief of staff on sunday questioned the legality of the freezing of a major stake in russia 's embattled oil giant yukos in the ongoing investigation of company chief mikhail khodorkovsky and two of his associates .
fifteen soldiers were killed when a us military helicopter was downed sunday in the deadliest attack on american-led coalition forces since their march invasion of iraq .
danish film director per fly has won top prize at the nordic film days in this northern german city for his film `` inheritance '' , the jury announced sunday .
spanish stable yamaha fortuna said sunday they were hopeful of signing world motorcycling gp champion valentino rossi for next season after the italian ace announced earlier in the day he was parting company with honda .
sultan qaboos has named another woman to the council of state , taking to eight the total number of female members of oman 's appointed upper house .
a single tuscan truffle weighing in at ### grammes -lrb- ##.## ounces -rrb- was sold this weekend near florence for ##,### dollars -lrb- ##,### euros -rrb- , or more than six times its weight in gold , the event 's organisers said sunday .
the third round draw for the german cup has produced three <unk> ties with the pick of the bunch seeing holders bayern munich face three-time winners sv hamburg at the olympic stadium .
amelie mauresmo turned the tables on anastasia myskina and ended a title drought of more than five months at the advanta championships .
german bundesliga side vfb stuttgart must do without the <unk> of key brazilian defender marcelo bordon until the new year .
two us civilians working for the us army corps of engineers were killed by a roadside bomb in the flashpoint iraqi city of fallujah sunday , a spokesman said .
brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva signed a string of agreements during a snap visit to sao tome on sunday , on the first leg of a five-country african tour to rally support for his campaign against wealthy nations ' farm subsidies , officials said .
slasher spoof `` scary movie # '' again made the biggest scream at the north american box office for halloween weekend , according to preliminary figures released sunday .
the white house has agreed to provide a senate committee with all the documents and interviews requested as part of an investigation into the intelligence used to make the case for going to war in iraq , senator pat roberts said sunday .
kenyan martin lel , ## , won the ##th new york city marathon here sunday in the time of #hr ##min ##sec .
kenyan margaret okayo , ## , won the women 's section of the new york city marathon here sunday in a course record time of #hr ##min ##sec .
kenyans again dominated the new york city marathon on sunday , margaret okayo breaking her own women 's course record by nearly two minutes while martin lel posted a more conservative win in the men 's race .
qatar 's oil chief said on sunday gulf producers , meeting in doha , were striving to maintain stability in the world crude market as his saudi counterpart described a price of ## dollars a barrel as good for both suppliers and consumers .
the un war crimes prosecutor is looking into the conduct of three former serbian leaders in croatia and bosnia , the foreign minister of serbia-montenegro said sunday , quoted by the tanjug news agency .
leading scorers in the italian first <unk> '' , a statement said .
venus williams withdrew from next week 's wta tour championships with an abdominal strain , allowing fellow american chanda rubin to qualify for the season-ending event in los angeles .
six more more bodies were discovered off southern spain on sunday , bringing to ## the number of immigrants known to have died in a shipwreck eight days ago , authorities said .
a spectacular volley from marco di vaio six minutes from time rescued a point for juventus as the serie a title-holders snatched a #-# draw away to championship rivals ac milan this weekend .
the united states , faced with its heaviest losses in iraq since the fall of saddam hussein 's regime in april , vowed sunday it would not back down in its war on `` terrorists .
the foreign ministers of ethiopia , sudan and yemen ended a two-day meeting here sunday denying they were ganging up against neighboring eritrea , which has stormy relations with all three states .
retief goosen held off vijay singh on sunday to win the #.# million dollar chrysler championship and keep tiger woods alive in a bid for his fifth straight pga tour money title .
the <unk> british cruise ship ` aurora ' has been cleared to dock in gibraltar , upon its arrival later monday , and healthy passengers and crew will be allowed to disembark as long as final health checks are satisfactory , according to a government spokesman here .
an indonesian soldier 's partially decomposed body has been found near the border between indonesia and papua new guinea , a png regional commander said .
scotland no. # simon taylor has a knee injury and is giving the scotland team some concern ahead of their rugby world cup quarter-final with australia here on saturday .
brian lara 's west indies begin a long african campaign here on tuesday when they take on one of the weakest ever zimbabwe test teams .
liverpool boss gerald houllier is confident he can persuade star striker michael owen to stay on merseyside , despite persistent rumors linking him with a move next summer .
a british evangelical group has called for a formalised split in the anglican church , arguing that the creation in the united states on sunday of the first openly gay bishop ran counter to church teaching .
us secretary of state colin powell is one of the high-profile guests at ceremonies monday celebrating a century of panama 's independence , an event instigated by us officials seeking to build a transoceanic canal in the early ##th century .
hong kong gold prices opened marginally lower monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
french windsurfer <unk> le <unk> arrived in the french pacific territory of tahiti monday after an #,### kilometre -lrb- #,### nautical mile -rrb- odyssey across the pacific spread over ## days .
security at rugby world cup matches will be beefed up after an alert sparked by a pitch invader during south africa 's match with samoa , tournament chiefs said monday .
hong kong share prices rose #.## percent in opening trade monday on follow-up buying from last week 's gains , dealers said .
security at rugby world cup matches will be beefed up after an alert sparked by a pitch invader during south africa 's match with samoa , tournament chiefs said monday .
scotland no. # simon taylor was cleared on monday of a serious knee injury giving the scots a boost ahead of their rugby world cup quarter-final with australia here on saturday .
french windsurfer <unk> le <unk> arrived in the french pacific territory of tahiti monday to complete an epic #,### kilometre -lrb- #,### nautical mile -rrb- solo <unk> across the pacific .
australian retail sales recorded their ninth successive monthly rise in september , climbing #.# percent and beating expectations of a #.# percent gain , the government said monday .
tatiana navka and roman kostomarov of russia captured the gold medal in ice dancing at skate canada international grand prix meet here on sunday .
fishing nations represented at a meeting in tasmania have shown strong support for a centralised satellite monitoring system to crack down on illegal fishing , an australian legislator said monday .
retief goosen held off vijay singh on sunday to win the #.# million dollar chrysler championship and keep tiger woods alive in a bid for his fifth straight pga tour money title .
china and the european union have agreed to talk more often and in greater detail about the enormous problems caused by chinese violations of intellectual property rights , the eu said monday .
the labor union at korea exchange bank -lrb- keb -rrb- put the break monday on plans by its new largest shareholder , us investment fund lone star , to revamp management , officials said .
australia 's captain ricky ponting won the toss and asked new zealand to bat in the fifth match of the limited-overs tri-series here on monday .
the us dollar rose slightly against the yen in singapore trading on monday as it continued to be driven by last week 's positive economic figures coming out of the united states , dealers said .
a deal to end a strike by british postal workers has been agreed between the royal mail and the communications workers union , both sides announced early monday morning .
taiwan president chen shui-bian , here to attend ###th anniversary celebrations of panama 's independence from the united states , defended taiwan 's sovereignty and an upcoming referendum for the island sunday .
hong kong has been officially chosen to host the fifth east asian games in #### , a government official said monday .
<unk> all blacks winger joe rokocoko looks forward to the day when he will wear the traditional white fiji jersey , the fiji sun newspaper reported here monday .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi pledged in his maiden speech to paliament monday to uphold democracy while fighting terrorism and corruption .
prosecutors have bounced back to police a case implicating one of china 's youngest dissidents -- a student known as `` stainless steel mouse '' detained for posting essays calling for democracy on the internet , sources said monday .
malaysia 's trade surplus shrank ## percent in september compared to august as exports slipped on slower demand for electrical and electronic products , government statistics showed monday .
the indianapolis colts finally figured out how to beat the miami dolphins and the new orleans saints continued their mastery over defending super bowl champion tampa bay in national football league action on sunday .
the indianapolis colts finally figured out how to beat the miami dolphins and the new orleans saints continued their mastery over defending super bowl champion tampa bay in national football league action on sunday .
hong kong share prices close #.## percent higher monday on follow-up buying to last week 's gains on expectations a firmer us economy will underpin further growth in the local equity market , dealers said .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher in largely featureless trade monday , dealers said .
attorney general philip ruddock on monday said he was launching a review of australia 's anti-terror laws with a view to strengthening the national spy agency 's powers .
australian share prices closed #.## percent lower monday as banks and resources lost ground in quiet trade ahead of the melbourne cup public holiday in victoria state , dealers said .
hong kong-based airline cathay pacific said monday it has taken delivery of the first of three new boeing ###-### aircraft it has ordered to operate regional services within asia and the middle east .
philippine share prices closed up #.## percent monday at an ##-month high amid sustained buying interest in telecom stocks and shopping mall operator sm prime holdings , dealers said .
oil prices continued to rise in asian trade monday as the market corrected from sharp losses after the us department of energy reported a surprise rise in us crude stocks last week , dealers said .
indian vice president bhairon singh shekhawat met myanmar 's leaders and witnessed the signing of two agreements with the military-run state at the start of a five-day visit , state media said monday .
british explorer sir ranulph fiennes ran the new york marathon on sunday , completing his historic challenge of running seven marathons in a week .
taiwan share prices closed #.# percent higher monday on a technical bounce driven by expectations of positive corporate sales for october , dealers said .
suspected maoist rebels looted the equivalent of nearly ###,### dollars from a bank in the heart of nepal 's capital , police said monday .
a flash flood caused by heavy rain killed ## people in indonesia 's north sumatra province early monday , a spokeswoman for the provincial government said .
a general strike got underway in israel monday , paralysing transport services and banks and leaving hospitals with minimal services .
the united states monday said a negotiated settlement to sri lanka 's ethnic conflict was possible after tamil tiger rebels unveiled their first ever blueprint for a political deal .
thai police arrested ## wildlife traders and rescued more than ### endangered animals in a raid on a popular bangkok market , the second major crackdown on the illegal trade in a week , officials said monday .
australian share prices closed #.## percent lower monday as banks and resources lost ground in quiet trade ahead of the melbourne cup public holiday in victoria state , dealers said .
a flash flood caused by heavy rain killed ## people in indonesia 's north sumatra province early monday , a spokeswoman for the provincial government said .
metro ag , the german retail and distribution giant , said monday it will press ahead with plans to invest ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- to open ## stores across china in the next five years .
security at rugby world cup matches will be beefed up after an alert sparked by a pitch invader during south africa 's match with samoa , tournament chiefs said monday .
australia 's former prime minister bob hawke joined a chorus of applause monday for his ex-wife hazel hawke after she publicly admitted she had alzheimer 's disease .
french windsurfer <unk> le <unk> arrived in the french pacific territory of tahiti monday to complete an epic #,### kilometre -lrb- #,### nautical mile -rrb- solo <unk> across the pacific .
taiwan 's yulon nissan co. , which was spun off from yulon motor co. last month , said monday it expects a #.# percent increase in auto sales in #### as the local market remains stable while a rising trend is seen in china .
bangladesh will gradually privatise its ailing power distribution sector in a bid to ensure proper supply and be rid of the cost of running the ageing system , a government official said monday .
growth in the full-sized sedan and sports utility vehicle -lrb- suv -rrb- sectors pushed china 's monthly auto sales past ###,### units for the first time in september , a report released monday showed .
south korean share prices closed #.## percent higher monday as foreign investors ' buying of futures contracts triggered institutional program buying of large-caps , dealers said .
two malaysians being hunted for the bali and marriott hotel blasts are planning more terror attacks , indonesian police warned monday .
india 's central bank on monday raised its economic growth forecast for the year to march #### to #.#-# .# percent from its earlier projection of #.# percent , but said it was concerned about the country 's rising fiscal deficit .
new zealand army engineers will stay in iraq despite the security situation , prime minister helen clark said monday .
the israeli army has defused a huge bomb , containing about ## kilos -lrb- ## pounds -rrb- of explosives , between the gaza strip and israel 's territory , officials announced monday .
a delegation of un security council envoys headed to western afghanistan 's herat province monday on the second day of a visit to show support for president hamid karzai and post-war rebuilding .
a flash flood triggered by heavy rain killed ## people in indonesia 's north sumatra province early monday , a spokeswoman for the provincial government said .
iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei has asserted that the islamic republic 's agreement to comply with demands for transparency over its nuclear program was not a `` surrender '' , and warned the country still reserved the right to pull out of the deal .
an outspoken australian church leader said monday that openly gay bishop gene robinson would not be recognized as a bishop in much of the world , despite his consecration by the us episcopalian church .
us air force experts are to jointly survey sri lanka 's airfields to help their local counterparts assess their needs , the us embassy said monday .
wallabies coach eddie jones has defended his embattled skipper george gregan amid calls to sack him for saturday 's rugby world cup quarter-final against scotland in brisbane .
taiwan share prices closed #.# percent higher monday on a technical bounce driven by expectations of positive corporate sales for october , dealers said .
british cigarette maker gallaher group plc said monday it has finalized an agreement with shanghai tobacco which will allow for the distribution of their respective products in china and russia .
iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei has asserted that the islamic republic 's agreement to comply with demands for transparency over its nuclear program was not a `` surrender '' , and warned the country still reserved the right to pull out of the deal .
thomson , the french consumer electronics and information technology company , confirmed monday a joint venture with tcl international holdings of china to make and distribute televisions and dvd players .
south korean share prices closed #.## percent higher monday as foreign investors bought into the futures , triggering institutional program buying of large-caps , dealers said .
indonesia is likely to extend martial law in aceh province where at least #,### people have been killed since may during a war with separatist rebels , officials said monday .
<unk> parts of indian kashmir shut down monday in a strike called by india 's ruling hindu nationalists to protest the muslim-led provincial government 's alleged laxity in countering islamic rebels .
chinese shares closed #.## percent higher monday as blue chips led an unexpected burst of activity on b-share boards , giving a-shares a shot in the arm , dealers said .
aid donors met in australia on monday to discuss how to help rebuild the economy and infrastructure of the solomon islands , ruined by years of civil war and militia violence .
an indonesian accused of leading the al qaeda-linked jemaah islamiyah -lrb- ji -rrb- terror group appeared in court for a second time monday and again denied the allegation .
king norodom sihanouk has called on cambodia 's warring political parties to form a government without delay , saying their political antics `` do not impress anyone '' , according to a report monday .
spain ordered on monday the closure of its border with gibraltar after the arrival in the british overseas territory of the cruise ship aurora , whose passengers have been stricken by a highly contagious stomach virus , spanish officials said .
a us airliner carrying ### passengers made an emergency landing at glasgow airport in scotland after smoke began to fill the cockpit , an airport official said monday .
south korea 's leading hyundai motor co. said monday that car exports hit a record high in october but domestic sales fell sharply .
american troops were monday removing by truck the wreckage of the downed us helicopter in which ## soldiers died outside the iraqi flashpoint city of fallujah , an afp correspondent reported .
joggers and other fitness junkies were warned to stay off the streets of hong kong monday as thick smog coming from southern china blanketed the city .
the storm that battered southern taiwan was dying down on monday after gusts of up to ### kilometers -lrb- ## miles -rrb- per hour left one person dead and three people missing .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher monday on follow-through support , with improving investor confidence given another boost by news that hong kong has won the right to host the east asian games , dealers said .
jacob oram hit a gutsy ## off ## balls as new zealand recovered from a deadly spell by brad williams to post ###-# from ## overs in the tri-series match against australia here on monday .
the long-awaited draft of afghanistan 's first post-taliban constitution was presented to president hamid karzai at a ceremony in kabul monday .
the fast-growing irish low-cost airline ryanair continued to achieve strong profits growth in the first half of its financial year and forecast on monday that the trend would continue in the second six months .
bangladesh 's foreign minister morshed khan left here monday for germany on a three-day official visit during which he will hold talks with senior german leaders , a foreign ministry spokesman said .
balkans peace broker david owen started testifying in the war crimes trial of former yugoslav president slobodan milosevic on monday .
south africa coach rudolf straeuli said here monday that he would not be calling up a replacement for injured back-row joe van niekerk ahead of the springboks world cup quarter-final against new zealand on saturday .
deutsche bank , the biggest bank in germany , said monday it will buy a ##-percent stake in moscow-based united financial group -lrb- ufg -rrb- as part of a strategic partnership with the russian investment bank .
a flash flood triggered by heavy rain killed at least ## people in a resort town in indonesia 's north sumatra province early monday and many are still missing , local police said .
spain ordered on monday the closure of its border with gibraltar after the arrival in the british overseas territory of th refused to allow it to dock on friday at the greek port of piraeus outside athens .
the long-awaited draft of afghanistan 's first post-taliban constitution was presented to president hamid karzai at a ceremony at the presidential palace in kabul monday .
at least one person was killed and ## others poisoned when a steel cylinder filled with liquid chlorine blew up in east china 's zhejiang province , a local official said monday .
kuwait has lifted a ban on the import of sheep , goats and camels from iraq seven months after the overthrow of saddam hussein , the public agricultural authority said in a statement published monday .
israel wants the international community to keep up the pressure on iran over its nuclear program , an official accompanying the israeli prime minister on a visit to russia told afp monday .
the gulf tourist and trade hub dubai has decided to invite tenders for a ## billion dirham -lrb- four billion dollar -rrb- light rail transport project , a first metro for the region .
thomson , the french consumer electronics group , announced monday a joint venture with tcl international holdings of china to form a global television and dvd giant .
sixteen us military personnel injured over the weekend when a helicopter was downed in iraq have been admitted to the army 's medical center in germany , the facility 's spokeswoman said monday .
south korean prosecutors announced plans monday for an expanded investigation into illegal cash donations to political parties during last year 's presidential election campaign .
thirty-six young people have been arrested after iranian police raided a mixed-sex birthday party near the capital tehran following complaints from neighbors , the iran newspaper reported monday .
a palestinian suicide bomber who was being hunted by israeli security services blew up himself up near the northern west bank town of qalqilya monday , military sources said .
chinese shares closed #.## percent higher monday as blue chips led an unexpected burst of activity on the b-share boards , giving a-shares a shot in the arm , dealers said .
thousands of british postal workers who held a fortnight of wildcat strikes were returning to work monday following a deal to end the dispute , which caused a vast backlog of undelivered mail .
german airline lufthansa is not ruling out additional job cuts on top of the #,### already earmarked , board member stefan lauer said in an interview published in lufthansa 's in-house magazine , of which afp obtained a copy on monday .
chinese energy giant cnooc ltd. said monday that its parent china national offshore oil corp. has signed a contract with husky oil china ltd. , owned by tycoon li ka-shing 's hutchison whampoa , for oil exploration in the east china sea .
two iranian journalists working for state-run television were freed monday by us authorities in iraq after being held there for over four months on suspicion of spying , state media reported .
pakistan on monday accused india of delaying the revival of flights between the two countries , insisting new delhi 's refusal to guarantee that air routes would remain open was the main stumbling block .
an indonesian court on monday sentenced a university professor in aceh province to seven years in prison for helping spread separatist rebel propaganda .
those expecting the welsh rugby team to raise the white flag against england in their world cup quarter-final will be sorely disappointed coach steve hansen said on monday .
britain was in `` urgent contact '' with spain on monday after madrid abruptly closed its border with gibraltar after a cruise ship whose passengers have been struck by a contagious stomach bug docked in the territory 's port .
china and the european union have agreed to talk more often and in greater detail about the enormous problems caused by chinese violations of intellectual property rights -lrb- ipr -rrb- , the eu said monday .
the number of property deals in hong kong rose ##.# percent in october compared with the previous month , government figures showed monday .
the long-awaited draft of afghanistan 's first post-taliban constitution was presented to president hamid karzai at a ceremony at the presidential palace in kabul monday .
malaysian share prices fell #.## percent monday as investors opted to take profits on several consecutive days of gains , dealers said .
china monday launched a recoverable satellite aboard a long march #-d carrier rocket to conduct scientific and `` other '' research , state press reported .
a teenage palestinian suicide bomber who was being hunted by israeli security services blew up himself up near the northern west bank town of qalqilya monday , palestinian and israeli sources said .
a leading member of russia 's jewish community on monday denounced the official rehabilitation by estonia and latvia of former auxiliaries of the nazi ss who took part in the extermination of european jewry in world war ii , media reported .
two people were injured when a bomb hidden in a three-wheeler taxi exploded in srinagar monday , while a woman was injured in a grenade attack in another part of restive indian kashmir , police said .
hundreds of thousands of children are due to return to school in liberia this week at the start of an international drive to restore the education system ravaged by nearly ## years of civil war , the un children 's fund -lrb- unicef -rrb- said on monday .
turkey has sought pakistan 's help in securing the release of a turkish road engineer abducted by suspected taliban militants in southern afghanistan , foreign ministry spokesman masood khan said monday .
a flash flood which ripped through a resort town in indonesia 's north sumatra province has killed at least ## people and many are still missing , local police said monday .
zimbabwe opposition leader morgan tsvangirai is set to take president robert mugabe to court monday to challenge the longtime leader 's victory in disputed elections last year .
saudi authorities have launched a campaign against begging on the streets , ali <unk> , the minister of labor and social affairs told monday 's arab news .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher monday on follow-through support , boosted by improving investor confidence in the local market and economy , dealers said .
the high court in zimbabwe on monday began hearing a challenge by opposition leader morgan tsvangirai against president robert mugabe 's victory in last year 's disputed polls .
north korea is ready to freeze its nuclear facilities for outside inspection if the united states gives a firm pledge to move towards normalization and peaceful co-existence , a german parliamentarian said monday .
philippine troops would be placed on the highest alert status to head off possible destabilization attempts amid a crisis surrounding an impeachment bid against the country 's chief justice , a military spokesman said monday .
malaysian share prices fell #.## percent monday as investors opted to take profits on several consecutive days of gains , dealers said .
american troops were monday removing by truck the wreckage of the downed us helicopter in which ## soldiers died just outside the flashpoint iraqi city of fallujah .
indonesian shares closed #.## percent lower monday as selling pressure on market leader telkom spilled over into the broader market , dealers said .
sydney , nov # -lrb- afp -rrb- - a maiden first-class century by david hussey monday guided victoria to first innings points against queensland on the second day of the sheffield shield clash in brisbane .
the anglican church in kenya is to officially sever ties with its us counterpart over the consecration at the weekend of a gay bishop , a senior prelate said monday .
borussia dortmund marksman marcio amoroso could be sidelined for the rest of the bundesliga season if he is forced to go under the surgeon 's knife again following a recurrence of his knee injury .
pakistan said monday that three of its citizens who were arrested in southern afghanistan recently had no military background , rejecting afghan allegations that they had `` military related functions .
the anglican church in kenya is to officially sever ties with its us counterpart over the consecration at the weekend of a gay bishop , a senior prelate said monday .
european stocks saw strong gains in early trade on monday , powered principally by renewed confidence in a series of individual stocks , notably banks .
thai share prices surged #.## percent monday on gains in <unk> stocks on the back of heavy foreign investor interest , dealers said .
michael mols has received the go-ahead to play for rangers against manchester united in champions league action after recovering from injury , the scottish daily express reported on monday .
malaysia 's newly-installed prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi has taken over the powerful finance ministry post left vacant by his <unk> mahathir mohamad , at least temporarily , his aides said monday .
the high court in zimbabwe on monday began hearing a challenge by opposition leader morgan tsvangirai against president robert mugabe 's victory in last year 's disputed polls .
rubber futures prices in singapore were higher monday on smaller volumes , dealers said .
an order by an israeli court aborted a general strike promised by the unions monday to protest against the government 's free-market policies and the country was disrupted only by brief stoppages .
uganda 's anglican church said monday it would sever relations with the us diocese of new hampshire following the `` <unk> '' consecration of the openly gay gene robinson as bishop over the weekend .
the hungarian central bank said monday it would purchase government securities to bolster the weakened national currency , the forint .
indonesian shares closed #.## percent lower monday as selling pressure on market leader telkom spilled over into the broader market , dealers said .
thai airways international said monday it had won approval from the securities and exchange commission -lrb- sec -rrb- to reduce its government ownership to ## percent with a share offering later this month .
the kenyan anglican church monday severed ties with its us counterpart over the consecration of a gay bishop , a top official said , as the first split emerged among ## million faithful over the controversial move .
the spiritual leaders of ## million anglicans in the developing world rejected monday the appointment in the united states of an openly gay bishop , and declared themselves in `` impaired communion '' with the us church , according to a statement from the primate of nigeria .
indian stocks surged #.## percent monday on continued aggressive foreign fund-led buying across all sectors , propelling the index to close above the psychologically important level of #,### points , dealers said .
indonesia 's trade surplus increased marginally to #.## billion dollars in september from #.## billion in august , the central bureau of statistics said monday .
palestinian mps on monday elected a new parliament speaker to succeed ahmed qorei , who had to step down a month ago when he was appointed to head the emergency government .
uganda 's anglican church said monday it would sever relations with the us diocese of new hampshire following the `` <unk> '' consecration of the openly gay gene robinson as bishop over the weekend .
british diplomats said monday they have been denied access to a man believed to be from britain who was detained in laos on money smuggling charges .
a lao national who helped lead a bloody cross-border raid on a lao customs post three years ago was shot dead in eastern thailand monday , police said .
one man was killed and some ### others were injured monday when factory workers clashed with police in the bangladeshi port city of narayanganj near the capital dhaka , witnesses said .
hungary is keen to forge closer economic and political links with india , visiting hungarian prime minister peter medgyessy said monday at the start of a seven-day visit here .
blackburn manager graeme souness is suffering one of the lowest points of his three-year tenure at ewood park following their defeat by leicester , assistant boss tony parkes said .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma on monday named an official from a russian-speaking region as prosecutor general , the country 's highest judicial position , the presidential administration said .
the anglican church in kenya is to officially sever ties with its us counterpart over the consecration at the weekend of a gay bishop , a senior prelate said monday .
the start of the trial on genocide charges of four rwandan former ministers was delayed monday because one of the accused 's lawyers was not present in the un tribunal , the independent hirondelle news agency reported .
india 's main opposition congress suffered a body blow ahead of crucial polls when a court on monday convicted a former party leader of killing his wife and burning her body in an open-air barbecue .
a former school caretaker went on trial in london on monday for the august #### murder of missing ##-year-old english schoolgirls holly wells and jessica chapman .
an international money-laundering task force called monday on its member states to impose sanctions on myanmar because it had not cooperated in the battle against money-laundering .
two men were sentenced to death by a beijing intermediate court monday for fraud involving the buying and selling of value-added tax -lrb- vat -rrb- vouchers that were eventually used in writing off some ### million -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in taxes , state press said .
human rights organization amnesty international on monday criticized stockholm mayor annika <unk> for comments she made in china at the weekend when she praised the communist country for its economic growth and development .
rumours of the staging of a beauty pageant provoked rioting on a nigerian campus between muslim and christian students , leaving one dead and dozens injured , witnesses said monday .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder will travel to china and kazakhstan in december with a major industry delegation , a government spokesman said monday .
indian stocks surged #.## percent monday on continued aggressive foreign fund-led buying across all sectors , propelling the index to close above #,### points , dealers said .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder will travel to china and kazakhstan in december with a major industry delegation , a government spokesman said monday .
thai share prices surged #.## percent monday on gains in <unk> stocks on the back of heavy foreign investor interest and continued speculation about third-quarter results , dealers said .
federico montoya is hoping to follow in the footsteps of his elder brother and formula one star juan pablo montoya after signing a deal with the berlin-based <unk> team to drive in the formula bmw championship next season .
turkish legislators are to debate a high-profile report on corruption on tuesday which calls for parliamentary probes into ## former ministers , including former prime ministers bulent ecevit and mesut yilmaz .
india 's main opposition congress suffered a body blow ahead of crucial polls when a court on monday convicted a former party leader of killing his wife and burning her body in an open-air barbecue .
arianespace , which sells services for europe 's ariane rocket , said monday it was handing a contract to launch a major us satellite to a private consortium because of a scheduling clash .
british foreign secretary jack straw monday criticised as `` unnecessary and disproportionate '' spain 's snap closure of its border with gibraltar after the docking there of the virus-stricken cruise ship aurora .
representatives from ## african parliaments gathered in nairobi on monday for a two-day conference to discuss ways of fighting corruption and promoting good governance in the continent .
india 's premier trade body monday revised its economic growth forecast to #.#-# .# percent for the year to march #### and told corporations to shed their traditional image in favor of a global outlook .
asian stocks rose on monday as investors gained more confidence about economic prospects in the region .
an international anti-money laundering task force called monday on its member states to impose sanctions on myanmar , saying it had not cooperated in the battle against money laundering .
saudi security forces shot dead two islamist militants monday in a shootout at the holy city of mecca , state-run channel one television said .
switzerland will destroy two tonnes of illicit caviar imports following one of the biggest international seizures of its kind , authorities said on monday .
hundreds of passengers were stranded in the cameroon capital yaounde on monday as cameroon airlines -lrb- camair -rrb- canceled its flights for a second day in a row without explanation .
ghent coach jan olde <unk> has been sacked , general manager of the belgian first division club michel <unk> said .
secretary of state colin powell departed washington monday for three central american nations , where he will hold talks on terrorism , counter-narcotics efforts and free trade .
two israeli warplanes flew low over southern lebanon on monday breaking the sound barrier over the town of naqura where un peacekeepers on the border with israel have their base , a correspondent said .
britain on monday criticised as `` unnecessary and disproportionate '' spain 's snap closure of its border with gibraltar after the virus-stricken cruise ship aurora docked in the british colony .
world champions australia qualified for the final of the limited-overs tri-series being played in india by defeating new zealand with one ball to spare here on monday .
the long-awaited draft of afghanistan 's first post-taliban constitution was presented to president hamid karzai monday , ahead of next month 's traditional loya jirga assembly and next year 's elections .
the consecration of the us episcopal church 's first openly gay bishop angered anglicans worldwide monday , with leaders in africa declaring they plan to break away from their american counterpart .
sixteen us military personnel injured over the weekend when a helicopter was downed in iraq have been admitted to the army 's medical center in germany , the facility 's spokeswoman said monday .
president vladimir putin called monday for safer technology to be introduced into russian mines after two accidents in less than a week left eight miners dead and imperilled the lives of scores of others .
russian energy minister igor yusufov said monday that the opec oil producers ' cartel should increase output to bring `` unfairly high '' prices down and insisted russia would still boost its booming oil production .
a small liberian rebel group has become the first to release prisoners of war since an august peace agreement for the west african country , the united nations said monday .
feliciano lopez will make his davis cup debut for spain in the final against australia in melbourne later this month , the spanish tennis federation announced monday .
british prime minister tony blair condemns a deadly attack on a united states helicopter in iraq , the worst incident in a `` particularly grim '' week for the us-led coalition , his spokesman said monday .
some ### palestinians demonstrated in this northern west bank town monday against an alternative middle east peace blueprint in a protest organised by the militant popular front for the liberation of palestine -lrb- pflp -rrb- .
sixteen us soldiers were killed in the downing of a us chinook helicopter , us central command said monday , marking the deadliest attack on us forces since they entered iraq , but a defiant washington vowed it would win the war on terror .
the weekend parliamentary election in the former soviet republic of georgia was marred by `` spectacular '' voting irregularities , a mission of international observers said monday .
the german football federation -lrb- dfb -rrb- have hit bayern munich 's veteran defender thomas linke with a four-match ban for his violent conduct in the #-# <unk> of italian insurer assicurazioni generali .
sales of new cars in france fell #.# percent in october compared with the same month last year , extending a slide that began in january , according to figures released monday by the french automobile manufacturers ' committee .
a court order aborted a general strike on monday threatened by israel 's unions in protest at the government 's free-market policies , although the country was disrupted by brief stoppages .
sixteen us military personnel injured over the weekend when a helicopter was downed in iraq have been admitted to the army 's medical center in germany , officials at the facility said monday .
sri lankan government was maintaining informal contacts with tamil tiger rebels even as peace broker norway prepared to revive face-to-face talks , officials here said monday .
palestinian foreign minister nabil shaath said monday that the new palestinian government 's priority was to hammer out a ceasefire with israel to try to end more than three years of conflict .
a chinese police officer once awarded for huge drug busts was sentenced to death with a two-year reprieve by a central chinese court monday after being convicted of trafficking #,### kilograms -lrb- ##,### pounds -rrb- of heroin , state press reported .
france 's amelie mauresmo leapfrogged venus williams in the wta rankings released monday thanks to her weekend wta victory in philadelphia .
the weekend parliamentary election in the former soviet republic of georgia was marred by `` spectacular '' voting irregularities , international observers said monday .
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee is to make an official three-day visit to moscow starting november ## , indian diplomatic sources in the russian capital said monday .
the italian presidency of the european union said monday that an opinion poll indicating that europeans believe israel is the biggest threat to world peace did not reflect the eu position .
nigeria 's sports ministry has postponed the arrival of former england skipper bryan robson to take charge of its national team while it re-examines his proposed pay deal , an official source said monday .
the moon will turn a shade of red this saturday when it will be fully eclipsed by the earth , whose shadow will blot out all but a tiny fraction of solar light , astronomers said on monday .
president vladimir putin called monday for safer technology to be introduced into russian mines after two accidents in less than a week left eight miners dead and imperilled the lives of scores of others , news agencies reported .
a blast ripped a hole in a main fuel pipeline near the oil-rich city of kirkuk on monday , but oil officials and iraqi police averted a much bigger explosion at the same site .
yukos oil chief executive mikhail khodorkovsky has quit russia 's largest oil giant , a top company spokesman told afp by telephone monday .
turkey on monday announced plans to decentralize its cumbersome administrative system by transferring an array of government services to local authorities .
spain said on monday it hoped to reopen within hours its border with gibraltar which it closed after the arrival of a virus-stricken cruise ship in the british colony .
a teenage palestinian suicide bomber who was being hunted by israeli security services blew up himself up near the northern west bank town of qalqilya monday , palestinian and israeli sources said .
the virus-stricken british cruise ship aurora , at the center of a spat monday between london and madrid over gibraltar , is one of the most modern and luxurious of its kind on the seas today .
bangladesh announced a ##-man squad monday for the three-match , one-day series against england starting at chittagong on friday .
russia is prepared to abolish domestic subsidies for its gas market within the next decade but will not move more quickly as demanded by the european union , energy minister igor yusufov said monday .
rebels have overrun a string of towns and villages in northeastern liberia on the border with ivory coast , leaving scores of people killed or wounded , the defense ministry said here monday .
pakistan 's christian community monday slammed the appointment of an openly gay bishop by the anglican church in the united states as an unacceptable act .
the turkish government is planning to introduce a series of measures , including jail terms , to punish troublemakers at football matches , a senior government minister said monday .
the draft of afghanistan 's first post-taliban constitution was unveiled monday , completing another step in the process towards national elections set for june #### .
russian poet rasul <unk> , who wrote in his native <unk> language in the southern dagestan republic , died monday of heart failure aged ## , media reported .
the italian presidency of the european union said monday that an opinion poll suggesting that europeans believe israel is the biggest threat to world peace did not reflect the official eu position .
the hungarian supreme court ruled on monday that a parliamentary commission created last year to probe whether present government ministers used to spy for the former communist regime was unconstitutional .
turkish consumer prices rose by #.# percent in october from the previous month , putting the inflation rate at ##.# percent over the past ## months , the state statistics institute said monday .
russian oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky , who was arrested nine days ago on fraud charges widely seen as politically-motivated , has quit as chief executive of yukos , the country 's largest oil company .
us manufacturers , fast catching up with the breakneck speed of the rest of the economy , expanded activity for the fourth straight month in october , an industry survey showed monday .
the main party supporting president vladimir putin ahead of next month 's parliamentary elections announced monday it would not take part in televised debates before the vote .
in this year of franco-us strain , a staunchly pro-american essay by prominent french writer , critic and publisher yves berger , on monday won the prestigious <unk> prize for the season 's best non-fiction work .
turkish legislators are to debate a high-profile report on corruption tuesday which calls for parliamentary probes into ## former ministers , including former prime ministers bulent ecevit and mesut yilmaz .
in roundly rejecting the consecration of a gay bishop in the united states , africa 's anglicans on monday reinforced a stigma against homosexuality that prevails across the continent , with the notable exception of south africa .
a member of a baghdad neighborhood council sponsored by the americans was killed in a drive-by shooting , the us-led coalition said monday .
a delegation of un security council envoys visited western afghanistan 's herat province on the second day of a trip to urge regional warlords to rally behind president hamid karzai and post-war rebuilding .
the trial of a former rwandan colonel accused of masterminding the central african nation 's #### genocide resumed here monday .
india nudged out china and south korea as the leading source of foreign students in the united states over the past year , but tight new anti-terror laws cut admissions from a string of muslim states , a new report said monday .
telecom italia 's mobile telephone arm tim posted a third-quarter net profit monday of nearly one billion euros , compared with a small loss in the same period in #### , after booking a big exceptional gain .
shares in russian oil giant yukos jumped by nearly four percent in late trading on the benchmark rts index monday on news that its jailed chief executive mikhail khodorkovsky had resigned .
fifteen egyptian mps who escaped compulsory military service could soon lose their seats , after a court rejected their last avenue of appeal monday , court and parliamentary sources said .
three soldiers and three rebels were killed near the burundian capital bujumbura in two attacks claimed monday by the central african country 's second-largest hutu rebel group , the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- .
spending on us construction rose #.# percent in september , the commerce department estimated monday , with business spending leading the rise .
india on monday brushed aside concerns expressed by its central bank about the country 's spiralling fiscal deficit saying the country was on track to meet its deficit target of #.# percent in the current financial year .
palestinian foreign minister nabil shaath said monday that the new palestinian government 's priority was to hammer out a ceasefire with israel to try to end more than three years of conflict .
the anglican archbishop of cape town , njongonkulu ndungane , on monday voiced his support for the consecration of the us episcopal church 's first openly gay bishop , in contrast with widespread anger elsewhere .
the us-led coalition on monday vigorously rejected allegations by two iranian journalists they were tortured during four months of detention in iraq .
ukraine will work alongside uzbekistan to lay a new road across war-torn afghanistan , ukrainian foreign minister konstantin <unk> said while visiting uzbekistan on monday .
us manufacturers , catching up with the breakneck speed of the rest of the economy , expanded activity for the fourth straight month in october , an industry survey showed monday .
shares in russian oil giant yukos jumped by nearly four percent in late trading on the benchmark rts index monday on news that its jailed chief executive mikhail khodorkovsky had resigned .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale caused panic in the cypriot coastal resort of limassol on monday , but without causing injury or serious damage , police said .
brazilian world cup winner ricardinho will be out of action for almost a month after the sao paulo midfielder undergoes surgery on a right knee injury monday .
west africa leaders will meet next week on to discuss ways to revive the faltering peace process in the ivory coast , the ecowas regional bloc announced monday , confirming earlier reports .
passengers on board the cruise ship aurora , forced to dock in gibraltar after a debilitating virus swept through it , on monday spoke of their anger after a voyage one described as a `` holiday from hell '' .
eleven advocacy groups including amnesty international urged the united nations monday to systematically probe human rights violations that occur in the fight against terror groups .
nato chief george robertson called monday on the transatlantic alliance and the european union to set aside their divisions and adapt to new global security threats in the future .
a former macedonian defense minister was sentenced to five years jail on monday for stealing public money , national radio said .
white south african extremists made plans at a strip club two years ago to shoot down a us passenger jet over a black township near cape town , a court was told monday .
key us newspapers said monday that the bloodiest day for us forces in iraq had increased pressure on president george w. bush to retain public support for the us occupation .
political parties in mozambique are tuesday to launch their electoral campaign in the run-up to the country 's second municipal polls , the national elections commission -lrb- cne -rrb- announced monday .
judges at the un war crimes court on monday ordered psychiatric tests for a former yugoslav army officer allegedly implicated in the shelling of the beautiful croatian city of dubrovnik after he complained of <unk> .
ge real estate , a subsidiary of general electric , launched a surprise bid for french business property group sophia on monday , the same day a friendly bid from societe <unk> lyonnaise was scheduled to begin .
poland and three central european countries pledged monday to work together to implement the schengen open border accords after joining the european union next year .
swedish telecommunications operator telia said monday it had begun to block computers that send junk e-mails or spam , as the flood of unwanted e-mails was creating costs and problems for its customers .
the jailed head of russian oil giant yukos , mikhail khodorkovsky , resigned as chief executive monday , saying he wanted to protect his embattled company from further attack by prosecutors .
an international lawyer representing jailed oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky called monday on the european union to hold russia accountable for its actions in the case at a summit this week .
a five-year-old girl at a dutch school was caught by a teacher last week , handing out candy to her classmates -- which turned out to be ecstasy , cocaine and heroin , a judicial spokesman said monday .
the finnish government is planning to introduce a new passport next year containing an electronic chip with a digital image of the bearer of the travel document , officials said on monday .
four soldiers of an estonian infantry unit serving in iraq suffered injuries in a grenade attack in baghdad over the weekend , the estonian defense forces said monday .
the launch of ford motor co. 's hybrid version of its popular escape sport utility is running about a year behind schedule because of technical problems , automotive news reported monday .
dwight yorke insists blackburn rovers can bounce back despite their disastrous start to the english premiership season .
icelandic researchers have identified variations of a gene involved in bone formation which when present increases by ### percent the risk of being hit with osteoporosis , according to a study released monday .
us stocks got off to a strong november start monday , with the major indexes flirting with new #### higher , as investors were upbeat after the latest figures showed more strength in the us economy .
belgian serge brammertz was sworn in as deputy prosecutor of the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- on monday , marking another important step in getting of the new permanent war crimes court fully operational .
canada 's economic growth and budget surplus projections have been lowered following the severe acute respiratory syndrome -lrb- sars -rrb- and mad cow crises , finance minister john manley said monday .
european stock markets forged ahead monday , with the london ftse ### index ending the day at #,###.# points , a gain of #.## percent .
leeds midfielder jody morris will return to training with the premiership club on tuesday after the premiership side concluded disciplinary action against him .
us stocks got off to a strong november start monday , with the major indexes flirting with new #### highs , as investors were upbeat after the latest figures showed more strength in the us economy .
sales of new cars jumped to ###,### in october , the highest level of sales ever recorded in the month and a gain of #.# percent from october #### , the national association of spanish automobile manufacturers reported monday .
a man with hiv was jailed monday for eight years by a london court for infecting two lovers with the virus which causes aids by having unprotected sex .
richard burns ' world rally championship challenge ended monday after he was taken to hospital and ruled out of this week 's final event in britain .
lithuanian president rolandas paksas denied on monday charges that he had links with organised criminals and said he would go ahead with a visit to key european capitals this week .
the white house on monday welcomed the release of the long-awaited draft of afghanistan 's first post-taliban constitution as an `` important milestone '' in that country 's political journey .
employees at the international news agency agence france-presse -lrb- afp -rrb- on monday rejected by a wide margin a call for a worldwide strike over a financial plan recently approved by the board of directors .
india 's state-owned gas marketing giant gail india ltd. announced on monday that it would invest ### billion rupees -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in building a network of pipelines to create a national grid in five years .
parma will be without their exciting brazilian striker adriano for two months , the serie a club confirmed on monday .
the anglican church in tanzania , where homosexuality is a crime , has officially severed ties with its us counterpart over the consecration of a gay bishop , the country 's anglican primate said monday .
zambia 's ex-president frederick chiluba briefly appeared at a magistrates ' court monday to face corruption charges , but his case was adjourned due to legal technicalities .
european stock markets forged ahead monday , with the london ftse ### index ending the day at #,###.# points , a gain of #.## percent .
two top executives at major us mutual funds have been forced out in the wake of a mushrooming scandal involving the popular investments for ordinary americans .
the dollar shot up against the euro here monday , powered by renewed hopes for fourth quarter us growth .
the ford motor co. said monday that sales of new vehicles were off almost two percent in october from a year ago , dipping to ###,### units .
oil prices lost ground on monday as traders questioned opec 's resolve to fully implement its latest output cut , particularly in the face of soaring exports from russia .
white south african extremists made plans at a strip club two years ago to shoot down a us passenger jet over a black township near cape town , a court was told monday .
a delegation of un security council en was welcomed by the governor ismail khan , '' khaliq said .
afghanistan unveiled the long-awaited draft of its first post-taliban constitution monday , enshrining the role of islam and paving the way for national elections in #### .
german defense minister peter struck mounted a sharp attack monday on the united states over its iraq policy and questioned whether the war against baghdad complied with international law .
the white house on monday welcomed the release of the long-awaited draft of afghanistan 's first post-taliban constitution as an `` important milestone '' in that country 's political journey .
in a landmark case , a london court monday handed out an eight-year jail sentence to a man with hiv who infected two lovers with the virus that causes aids by having unprotected sex .
the government said monday it would fine at and t ###,### dollars for apparent violations of the federal do-not-call rules , the first enforcement for the telemarketing registry .
an eritrean militia man was shot dead at the weekend close to the ethiopian border , inside a buffer zone patrolled by un peacekeepers since end of the ####-#### war fought by the neighbouring states , the un said monday , citing eritrean officials .
the un high commission for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- has started preparing up to ##,### rwandan refugees who have been living in camps in uganda for repatriation back home , officials said on monday .
defense ministers from four nordic countries visited kosovo on monday in a brief mission to assess possible reduction of the <unk> peacekeeping mission -lrb- kfor -rrb- in the un-administered province .
liverpool boss gerard houllier believes that french teenager florent sinama-pongolle is about to set the premiership alight .
romania and bulgaria are hoping that a report to be issued in brussels wednesday on their suitability to join the european union will help them move closer to becoming members of the union .
heir to the british throne prince charles toured several heritage sites on monday in the indian desert state of rajasthan , where maharajas have turned former palaces and forts into hotels .
the us supreme court refused monday to consider an alabama judge 's appeal over his desire to keep a large granite ten commandments monument in his court building , in montgomery , alabama .
the launch of ford motor co. 's hybrid version of its popular escape sport utility is running about a year behind schedule because of technical problems , automotive news reported monday .
the head of the un 's atomic watchdog said monday that inspectors should be allowed back into iraq to tie up the loose ends of their work in monitoring the arms programs of saddam hussein .
a leading member of russia 's jewish community on monday denounced the rehabilitation by estonia and latvia of former auxiliaries of the nazi ss who took part in the extermination of european jewry in world war ii , media reported .
three mortars hit central baghdad at #:## pm -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , a coalition spokesman said monday .
us president george w. bush vowed monday that the united states will `` never run '' from iraq as he indirectly paid tribute to the ## soldiers killed over the weekend when their helicopter was shot down .
hungary on monday extended the mandate of its ### soldiers in iraq by six months until december ## , #### in a gesture of goodwill towards the united states .
us consultancy firm headstrong corp and fellow american it firm <unk> announced their merger here on monday , saying the move would strengthen their offshore bases in india and the philippines .
a former us marine accused of abducting a ##-year-old british girl whom he allegedly met in an internet chatroom formally denied the charge monday .
the head of the un 's atomic watchdog said monday that inspectors should be allowed back into iraq to tie up the loose ends of their work in monitoring the arms programs of saddam hussein .
manchester united boss alex ferguson notches up his ##th year in charge of the english giants this week and he hopes to celebrate in style by delivering a hammer blow to his former club rangers ' european ambitions .
dutch finance minister gerrit zalm backed down monday over a threat to take court action over france 's bulging deficit , admitting scant support for his hardline stance in support of eu budget rules .
the anglican communion threatened by a schism over the appointment of the first openly gay bishop in the united states has a worldwide <unk> of ## million .
the italian presidency of the european union said monday that an opinion poll suggesting that europeans believe israel is the biggest threat to world peace did not reflect the official eu position .
conductor sir simon rattle will lead his berlin philharmonic on a tour through the united states this month , the orchestra said monday .
president george w. bush vowed the united states would `` never run '' from iraq as he indirectly paid tribute to ## soldiers killed when their helicopter was shot down , while another two pro-us iraqi officials were assassinated .
german finance minister hans eichel said monday the eu should avoid a clash over french violation of eurozone budget rules .
talks between greece and turkey on an accord to improve air traffic services covering routes over the aegean sea ahead of the #### olympic games in athens have broken down , the greek government said monday .
ge real estate , a subsidiary of general electric , launched a surprise bid for the french business property group sophia on monday , the same day a friendly bid from societe <unk> lyonnaise -lrb- <unk> -rrb- was scheduled to begin .
general motors corp. said monday it saw new vehicle sales slide seven percent in october from a year ago to ###,### units , during a sluggish month for the industry .
the united states has decided to resume normal trade relations with serbia and montenegro , on the heels of the collapse of slobodan milosevic 's regime in #### , the state department announced monday .
manchester united boss alex ferguson notches up his ##th year in charge of the english giants this week and he hopes to celebrate in style by delivering a hammer blow to his former club rangers ' european ambitions .
general motors corp. said monday it saw new vehicle sales slide seven percent in october from a year ago to ###,### units , during a sluggish month for the industry .
spanish authorities late monday reopened the border with gibraltar , which was closed after a virus-stricken luxury cruise ship docked in the tiny british colony .
the correspondant in equatorial guinea for the international news agency agence france-presse -lrb- afp -rrb- , rodrigo <unk> nguema , was arrested monday at his home in the capital malabo , the journalist told afp 's bureau in libreville .
egypt 's president hosni mubarak met here monday with syrian president bashar al-assad and pledged cairo 's support for damascus against what he termed `` provocations '' , an egyptian minister said .
us secretary of state colin powell shook hands and chatted briefly with taiwan president chen shui-bian during celebrations here monday marking the ###th anniversary of panama 's independence .
spanish authorities late monday reopened the border with gibraltar , which was closed hours earlier after a virus-stricken luxury cruise ship docked in the tiny british colony .
japan 's <unk> ukawa has announced that he is quitting the world motorcycling championship after a disappointing #### season which ended here on sunday .
fifty roads which cross from northern lebanon into syria were closed monday in a bid to end smuggling and illegal border crossings , lebanese police said .
the director of the us federal bureau of investigation -lrb- fbi -rrb- robert mueller will visit athens this week to discuss security for the #### olympics , an fbi spokesman confirmed to afp monday .
daimlerchrysler 's chrysler unit said monday that october sales rose ## percent from last year to ###,### units , reflecting strength across all three of its brands .
spanish authorities late monday reopened the border with gibraltar , which was closed hours earlier after a virus-stricken luxury cruise ship docked in the tiny british colony .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon and russia 's president vladimir putin agreed monday on closer working relations between the two countries over iran 's nuclear program , an israeli official said .
us treasury secretary john snow denied monday widespread speculation that president george w. bush 's administration supported a weakening of the dollar .
the leave policy for us soldiers in iraq will not change , the us central command said monday after after transport helicopter carrying soldiers on leave was shot down in iraq .
up to ### people have died in a flash flood which swept through a resort town in indonesia 's north sumatra province , a rescue official said early tuesday .
struggling everton received a rare piece of good news on monday when manager david moyes was told he will be able to strengthen his squad during january 's transfer window .
the un 's nuclear watchdog chief monday set out a bold proposal to put all weapons-grade nuclear material under international control to fight the threat of proliferation .
a bomb exploded close to a police station in the northern province of kirkuk monday , while a mortar shell exploded in a schoolyard and a truck carrying concrete security blocks for the coalition was set ablaze in separate incidents , police sources said .
hundreds of fans gathered at belgrade airport monday to try to catch a glimpse of david beckham , ronaldo or zinedine zidane as the spanish giants real madrid arrived here for champions league match with serbia-montenegro champions partizan .
afghanistan unveiled the long-awaited draft of its first post-taliban constitution monday , enshrining the role of islam and paving the way for national elections in #### .
the united states has decided to resume normal trade relations with serbia and montenegro , on the heels of the collapse of slobodan milosevic 's regime in #### , the state department announced monday .
us stocks climbed to their best levels in at least ## months monday after data showed a strengthening us factory sector and other signs of robust economic growth .
an international consortium met here monday for talks widely expected to formally suspend a project to build a nuclear power station in north korea , mandated by a <unk> #### anti-nuclear pact with the stalinist state .
us president george w. bush vowed monday that the united states will `` never run '' from iraq , striking a defiant pose a day after ## soldiers there were killed when their helicopter was shot down .
world oil prices slid monday as unusually hot weather blanketed the united states , sapping demand for heating fuel , traders said .
republic of ireland midfielder matt holland opened his scoring account for charlton when he grabbed both goals in a #-# win at birmingham city as the midlanders lost their nine-month unbeaten home record at st andrew 's on monday .
european union finance ministers agreed late monday to await a promise of further <unk> measures from france and to put off any decision on the french violation of eu budget rules until their next meeting on november ##-## , the italian eu presidency said .
south african president thabo mbeki arrived here monday for a three-day state visit to canada .
republic of ireland midfielder matt holland opened his scoring account for charlton when he grabbed both goals in a #-# win at birmingham city as the midlanders lost their nine-month unbeaten home record at st andrew 's on monday .
european union finance ministers agreed late monday to await a promise of further <unk> measures from france and to put off any decision on the french violation of eu budget rules until their next meeting on november ##-## , the italian eu presidency said .
the pace of us auto sales appeared to slow in october from the torrid pace of the previous two months , due in large part to the <unk> effect of a september selldown of old inventory , automakers said monday .
the dollar shot up against the other major currencies monday , powered by hopes that the us economy could carry its strong growth momentum into the fourth quarter .
former favorite mummify was a late scratching from australia 's greatest race the melbourne cup , race officials said tuesday , ending the horse 's hopes of performing a melbourne <unk> cup double .
the world 's largest iceberg has split in two after being pummelled by a powerful storm , the antarctic sun newspaper reported .
the world bank board is scheduled to vote tuesday on whether its private finance arm should sink millions of dollars in loans into two controversial oil projects in azerbaijan .
the new orleans hornets are off to a #-# start without jamal mashburn and will have to play for perhaps up to two months without their leading scorer .
marc grossman , us undersecretary of state for political affairs , is visiting brussels and the balkans this week to discuss regional issues , the state department said monday in a statement .
moviegoers picked laughs over screams at north american cinemas over the halloween weekend , with fright flick farce `` scary movie # '' holding the top place for the second week in a row , according to figures released monday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon monday called on russian president vladimir putin to add the lebanese shiite militia hezbollah and palestinian movements to russia 's list of `` terrorist '' organizations , an israeli official said .
the united states stands behind its ambassador in cairo , under fire for remarks he made criticizing the egyptian media , the state department said monday .
australia 's population will hit ## million on december # , the government statistics bureau predicted on tuesday .
the european commission is planning a new in-depth audit of the eu 's statistics agency eurostat , at the center of a fraud scandal , according to a report seen here monday .
portuguese taxi drivers agreed monday to begin charging a flat fee for rides to and from lisbon 's airport and the city center under an <unk> aimed at preventing tourists from being overcharged .
injured england lock danny grewcock will take no further part in the rugby world cup , coach clive woodward confirmed on tuesday .
wallaby legend david campese believes australia coach eddie jones must sack skipper george gregan and flyhalf stephen larkham to have any chance of world cup glory .
share prices in tokyo opened higher tuesday with the nikkei-### index gaining ###.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
too many old men and no women have been appointed to conduct a review of the pacific 's main regional political body , a non-government organization said tuesday .
un secretary general kofi annan monday welcomed the cease-fire signed over the weekend in burundi 's ##-year civil war , which has claimed more than ###,### lives .
a former military training plane crashed into a mobile-home park in southern california , killing the pilot , authorities said .
us secretary of state colin powell arrived in nicaragua tuesday for an official visit that will include talks on trade and security .
striker john hartson admitted that celtic will be counting on home advantage when they take on belgian side anderlecht in wednesday 's champions league group a tie at parkhead .
us consumers bought #.# million new vehicles in october , but the sales pace eased sharply from the summer because of the <unk> effect of september sales , automakers said monday .
merchandise exports by the philippines rose #.# percent from a year earlier to #.### billion dollars in september after two consecutive months of decline , the government said tuesday .
hong kong gold prices opened lower tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
australia 's central bank board is unlikely to lift interest rates at its monthly monetary policy meeting tuesday but a rise may come as early as next month , economists said .
chicago bulls forward scottie pippen will miss at least one week after receiving a cortisone shot in his left knee monday .
france coach bernard laporte sprang no surprises tuesday in naming his side to play ireland in the world cup quarter-final at melbourne on sunday .
hong kong share prices rose #.## percent in opening trade tuesday following overnight gains on wall street , dealers said .
los angeles lakers owner jerry buss expressed disappointment on sunday that phil jackson sent his agent instead of coming to him personally for contract talks , the los angeles media reported on monday .
too many old men and no women have been appointed to conduct a review of the pacific 's main regional political body , a non-government organization said tuesday .
france coach bernard laporte sprang no surprises tuesday in naming a full-strength side to play ireland in the world cup quarter-final at melbourne on sunday .
wales coach steve hansen has given skipper colin charvis a pat on the back saying he has proved his critics wrong .
all blacks center tana umaga is on track for a comeback in the world cup quarter-final against south africa here on saturday taking part in a full training session tuesday .
a prominent internet activist was set to go on trial in china tuesday , as the government appeared une , '' has proved a hard nut to crack for china 's law enforcers .
a group calling itself the free democratic people 's government of laos has claimed responsibility for an explosion last week in vientiane and warned of more attacks in the absence of democratic change .
philippines authorities have arrested a south korean couple who fled their country to avoid prosecution for fraud , the immigration bureau said tuesday .
the dollar was weaker against the yen , appearing top-heavy tuesday as exporters sold the us currency for hedging purposes after its advance monday , dealers said .
los angeles lakers owner jerry buss expressed disappointment that phil jackson sent his agent instead of coming to him personally for contract talks , the los angeles media reported on monday .
malaysia has appointed us-trained mohamed bakri omar as its new police chief , officials said tuesday .
philippine long distance telephone co. -lrb- pldt -rrb- , the country 's dominant telecoms operator , said tuesday its earnings for the nine months to september rose a sharp ## percent as its mobile arm put in a stellar performance to more than offset substantial fresh provisions .
makybe diva won the melbourne cup over #### metres -lrb- two miles -rrb- at flemington racecourse here on tuesday .
oil prices were lower in asian trade tuesday , extending overnight loses amid uncertainties surrounding the us supply and demand picture for the winter season , dealers said .
one played for a dynasty , one just missed and one had a cup of coffee in the national hockey league .
makybe diva won the #.# million dollar -lrb- #.## million usd -rrb- melbourne cup over #### metres -lrb- two miles -rrb- at flemington racecourse here on tuesday .
the chicago white sox on monday named ozzie guillen , a three-time major league baseball all-star who played shortstop for the team for ## seasons , the ##th manager in franchise history .
a week after being arrested on charges of drunken driving and marijuana possession , william green has been suspended by the cleveland browns .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher in morning trade tuesday following overnight gains on wall street after further positive us economic data , dealers said .
more than ### well-heeled tourists were due to set sail later tuesday in a former soviet icebreaker for antarctica , hoping to be among the few to witness a rare total solar eclipse of a midnight sun .
a pregnant woman in vietnam was given a ##-month suspended sentence for cutting off the penis of her philandering husband after he threatened to divorce her , officials said tuesday .
a us soldier was killed and another wounded in a bomb attack in the northern iraqi town of tikrit , the coalition said tuesday .
researchers say they have discovered a genetic switch in mice that can prevent or reverse the effects of breast cancer .
five-year-old mare makybe diva , owned by an australian tuna fisherman , won the #.# million dollar -lrb- #.## million usd -rrb- melbourne cup over #### metres -lrb- two miles -rrb- at flemington here on tuesday .
australian shares closed up #.## percent on tuesday in a quiet session after overnight gains on wall street , led by solid support for news corp. and the resource sector , dealers said .
australia 's leading fast bowler glenn mcgrath is targeting next month 's opening cricket test against india in brisbane as his comeback match from ankle surgery .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday in trade dominated by telecom , dealers said .
south korea said tuesday it was pushing for a new round of six-way nuclear crisis talks before the end of december , as pyongyang reiterated its call for `` simultaneous action '' to resolve the crisis .
the dollar was weaker against the yen , appearing top-heavy tuesday as exporters sold the us unit for hedging purposes after its advance monday , but it gained versus the euro , underpinned by recent strong economic data pointing to robust us growth , dealers said .
philippines exports rose #.# percent from a year earlier to #.## billion dollars in september , reversing two consecutive months of decline , the government said tuesday .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday on the back of wall street 's overnight gains , dealers said .
australia 's government said on tuesday it would seek to ban militant palestinian group hamas and pakistan-based islamist group lashkar-e-taiba .
japanese share prices closed sharply higher , up #.## percent on tuesday as more strong us economic data boosted investor confidence and a drop in the yen eased concerns over japan 's export-led economic recovery , dealers said .
tom brady engineered a last-minute touchdown drive , rallying the new england patriots to a ##-## triumph over the struggling denver broncos in national football league action on monday .
philippine share prices closed tuesday #.## percent higher at a ##-month peak , extending gains led by the country 's dominant telecoms company pldt after it posted solid profit results , dealers said .
san antonio spurs star forward tim duncan suffered a sprained left ankle with #:## remaining in the first quarter of monday 's ##-## loss to the memphis grizzlies .
with a promising young rotation , the philadelphia phillies have found themselves a reliable closer .
two iraqis were killed and four wounded when a bomb exploded near a hotel in the shiite holy city of karbala , ### kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- south of baghdad , a local hospital official said on tuesday .
the number of confirmed dead in a flash flood at an indonesian resort town rose to ## with up to ### still missing , officials said tuesday .
taiwan share prices closed up #.## percent tuesday but were off the highs as investors opted to lock in quick profits following an early rally made on wall street 's overnight gains , dealers said .
south korean shares on tuesday closed well off their highs but still at the year 's high as aggressive buying by foreign investors was offset by futures-linked program selling by institutions , dealers said .
australian shares closed up #.## percent on tuesday in a quiet session led by solid support for news corp. and the resource sector after gains on wall street , dealers said .
the european challenge was repelled in the melbourne cup at flemington here on tuesday , but the winner of australia 's greatest horse race still provided an international victory .
police in the indonesian capital have begun a new campaign to make jakarta 's anarchic drivers wear seatbelts , after two previous attempts to enforce the ##-year-old law failed .
thailand is considering legalising football betting , a multi-million-dollar obsession among thais who are banned from most forms of gambling , officials said tuesday .
former world number one lleyton hewitt will be australia 's second player behind mark philippoussis in this month 's davis cup tennis final against spain in melbourne , according to the latest tennis rankings .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga tuesday sacked defense minister tilak marapana , information minister <unk> <unk> <unk> and interior minister john amaratunga , a government spokesman said .
south korean shares on tuesday closed well off their highs but still at the year 's peak as aggressive buying by foreign investors was offset by futures-linked program selling by institutions , dealers said .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga tuesday sacked defense minister tilak marapana , information minister <unk> <unk> <unk> and interior minister john amaratunga , a government spokesman said .
iraqi agriculture minister abdul amir <unk> on tuesday began a visit to australia to investigate ways to rebuild iraq 's farming industry after years of neglect , the australian government said .
a russian-born american has been named to replace mikhail khodorkovsky to head russia 's largest oil company , yukos , the company said in a statement posted on its website .
an islamic jihad militant wanted in connection with an attack in june which left an israeli schoolgirl dead was taken prisoner after handing himself in at a west bank checkpoint , an army statement said tuesday .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga tuesday sacked defense minister tilak marapana , information minister <unk> <unk> <unk> and interior minister john amaratunga , a government spokesman said .
indonesian troops have killed five suspected separatist rebels and arrested five others in aceh province , the military said tuesday .
scientists and environmental experts from the united states and vietnam met in hanoi tuesday for talks on measures to deal with the legacy of agent orange , the defoliant used by us forces during the vietnam war .
workers will shut down south korea 's top automaker hyundai motor for four hours thursday in support of a nationwide strike against the government 's labor policy , a union official said tuesday .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga tuesday rejected a tamil tiger peace plan as a foundation for partition and warned the international community not to force a solution on the war-torn island .
tokyo share prices closed sharply higher tuesday as more strong us economic data boosted investor confidence and a drop in the yen eased concerns about japan 's export-led economic recovery , dealers said .
australia 's government said tuesday it would seek powers to ban pakistan-based islamist militant group lashkar-e-taiba and palestinian group hamas .
president vladimir putin has reaffirmed his position that russia can resort to preemptive military strikes because the policy is also practiced by the united states .
chinese shares closed #.## percent higher tuesday as institutional investors took their cue from the strength in regional markets and pushed up promising blue chips , dealers said .
france has sold its ##.#-percent stake in the consumer electronics and information technology group thomson , a small part of which is to be bought back by the company , it and banks underwriting the deal said tuesday .
texan designer tom ford and chief executive domenico de sole will quit the fashion groups yves saint laurent and gucci in april , the french luxury and retail group pinault-printemps-redoute and gucci said tuesday .
china will receive #.# billion dollars in loans from the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- in the next three years largely to develop poorer inland regions , the philippines-based lender said tuesday .
un envoy paulo sergio pinheiro is to meet with myanmar 's prime minister tuesday as he investigates alleged rights abuses including deadly clashes that led to democracy icon aung san suu kyi 's arrest , officials said .
hong kong gold prices closed lower tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
china is expected to see at least a ## million ton shortfall in grain output this year with the annual harvest dropping for the sixth straight year , state press reported tuesday .
a lawyer working for the israeli state prosecutor 's office has been suspended over press leaks concerning a corruption probe involving the family of prime minister ariel sharon , press reports said tuesday .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga tuesday sacked the defense , interior and information ministers , plunging the country 's cohabitation leadership into its worst ever crisis .
hong kong share prices closed up #.## percent tuesday but were well off the morning highs made on the overnight gains on wall street after further positive us economic data , dealers said .
microsoft corp plans to set up an advanced technology center in beijing employing ## scientists to develop new products , the world 's largest software maker said tuesday .
the number of confirmed dead in a flash flood at an indonesian resort town rose to ## with up to ### still missing , officials said tuesday .
indian vice president bhairon singh shekhawat has held talks with myanmar 's leader senior general than shwe during a five-day visit signaling a warming of bilateral ties , officials said tuesday .
fresenius medical care -lrb- fmc -rrb- , a world leader in dialysis equipment and renal care services , reported tuesday a rise in third-quarter earnings on the back of increased treatments and improved efficiency , particularly in the united states .
british retail institution marks and spencer unveiled tuesday a #.# percent rise in half-yearly profits , saying it had largely shaken off a sales lull prompted by the country 's scorching summer .
french police have arrested five people in the northwest of the country suspected of providing support for a dissident northern ireland paramilitary faction , the real ira , officials said on tuesday .
wallaby legend david campese believes australia coach eddie jones must sack skipper george gregan and flyhalf stephen larkham to have any chance of world cup glory .
chinese shares closed #.## percent higher tuesday as institutional investors took their cue from the strength in regional markets and pushed up promising blue chips , dealers said .
suedzucker , europe 's biggest sugar producer , said tuesday it is launching a ###-million-euro -lrb- ###-million-dollar -rrb- convertible bond to finance the acquisition of the outstanding shares in its belgian unit <unk> <unk> -lrb- rt -rrb- .
some ### indian sikhs are due in pakistan on wednesday to celebrate the ###th birthday of the founder of the sikh religion baba guru nanak , state media reported .
the emergency palestinian cabinet was meeting for the last time here tuesday as prime minister ahmed qorei prepared to announce the composition of a regular government .
texan designer tom ford and chief executive domenico de sole are to leave gucci , the fashion group they have shaped into a leading brand , company statements said on tuesday .
thieves have stolen a large number of passports and some equipment related to passport issuance from papua new guinea 's immigration department , police said tuesday .
us troops were still searching tuesday for pieces of wreckage of a military helicopter that was shot down two days earlier , killing ## soldiers , near the flashpoint town of fallujah , west of baghdad .
french police have arrested five people in the northwest of the country suspected of providing support for a dissident northern ireland paramilitary faction , the real ira , officials said on tuesday .
texan designer tom ford and chief executive domenico de sole are to leave gucci , the fashion group they have shaped into a leading brand , company statements said on tuesday .
the european chamber of commerce taipei -lrb- ecct -rrb- tuesday urged the local authorities to speed up economic reforms , including better protection of intellectual property rights , or european companies may reduce their investment in taiwan .
suspected muslim rebels shot dead a senior ruling party worker in restive indian kashmir , while indian troops gunned down five rebels in separate gun battles , police said tuesday .
finnish lift and escalator maker kone said on tuesday it would sell its forestry machines division to japan 's komatsu for ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- following a decision to focus on core businesses .
the jailed son of former indonesian dictator suharto refused to testify on tuesday in the trial of a man accused of defrauding him of ## billion rupiah -lrb- #.## million dollars -rrb- in bribe money .
depfa bank , a leading supplier of financial services to public-sector clients , said tuesday that its major shareholders were offering to sell a ##.#-percent stake in depfa bank 's share capital to institutional investors for up to #.# billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- .
britain 's prince charles tuesday spent time admiring bombay 's hundreds of <unk> carriers who , through meticulous planning and punctuality , deliver lunch boxes to tens of thousands of office workers daily .
a small indonesian fishing boat believed to be carrying asylum seekers was detected off australia 's northern melville island , the government said on tuesday .
malaysian share prices rebounded to close #.## percent higher tuesday , dealers said .
switzerland 's second largest banking group , credit suisse , on tuesday announced a two billion swiss franc -lrb- #.# billion euros , #.# billion dollars -rrb- net profit for the third quarter , boosted by asset sales at its insurance arm winterthur .
hong kong share prices closed up #.## percent tuesday but were well off the morning highs made on the overnight gains on wall street after further positive us economic data , dealers said .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga tuesday ordered troops to guard key installations including the state television station after sacking the defense minister and two other ministers .
moscow is not considering sending troops to help the us-led occupying forces in oil-rich iraq because the conditions are not right , russian president vladimir putin said in an interview published on tuesday .
us chipmaking giant intel corp. has chosen <unk> , a semi-private vietnamese it company , to be its first original equipment manufacturer -lrb- oem -rrb- in vietnam , <unk> said tuesday .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder and his spanish counterpart jose maria aznar began talks tuesday in berlin set to be dominated by their differences over a proposed eu constitution .
china could be playing international cricket within two decades after being cleared to join the asian cricket family later in november , the asian cricket council announced tuesday .
texan designer tom ford and chief executive domenico de sole are to leave gucci , the fashion group they have shaped into a leading brand , company statements said on tuesday .
french police have arrested five people in the northwest of the country on <unk> of providing support for a dissident northern ireland paramilitary faction , the real ira , officials said on tuesday .
un rights envoy paulo sergio pinheiro is to meet with myanmar 's prime minister khin nyunt tuesday as he investigates alleged abuses , including clashes that triggered democracy icon aung san suu kyi 's arrest , officials said .
the italian state-controlled airline alitalia will use up its financial resources and sink into a deep , possibly irreversible crisis within ## months if it fails to cut costs , the daily il sole ## ore and other newspapers said tuesday , quoting chairman francesco mengozzi .
european stock markets struggled to some limited gains on tuesday despite bathing in the rosy afterglow of an economic <unk> rally in new york which saw us stocks hit their best level in more than a year .
the french state-owned shipbuilder direction des constructions <unk> -lrb- dcn -rrb- is no longer interested in a direct tie-up with german submarine maker hdw , dcn chief jean-marie <unk> said in newspaper interview published tuesday .
leading swiss travel agency kuoni announced tuesday its net profit in the third quarter sank ## percent from a year ago due to continued weak demand , although signs of a recovery in the industry were starting to show .
pakistan on tuesday released ## indian fishermen in a fresh bid to boost the slow-paced peace process between the rival south asian neighbors , officials said .
malaysian share prices rebounded to close #.## percent higher tuesday backed by strong retail support , dealers said .
a top chinese banking official on tuesday asked taiwanese authorities to reciprocate by lifting a ban on the establishment of offices here by chinese banks .
dozens former israeli military pilots will start a ###-kilometer -lrb- ### mile -rrb- , four-day march tuesday to pressure their government to obtain the liberation of their colleague ron arad , shot down over lebanon in #### .
wildlife officers snapped to action tuesday trying to catch a #.#-metre crocodile that mysteriously appeared in hong kong waters , the government said tuesday .
manchester united manager alex ferguson may use a fresh cristiano ronaldo on scotland 's rangers on tuesday night after resting the portuguese winger during the last few games .
french police have arrested five people in the northwest of the country on suspicions of providing support for a dissident northern ireland paramilitary faction , the real ira , officials said on tuesday .
arab banking corp. -lrb- abc -rrb- , the largest arab bank in terms of assets , said monday that net profit in the first nine months of #### rose by ## percent to ## million dollars over the same period a year ago , as earnings improved in the third quarter .
thailand 's central bank chief on tuesday dismissed fears of a looming bubble in the stock market , which has risen by more than ## percent this year .
a lawyer working for the israeli state prosecutor 's office has been suspended over press leaks concerning a corruption probe involving the family of prime minister ariel sharon , press reports said tuesday .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga tuesday suspended parliament after sacking three senior ministers in a major confrontation with her cohabitation government , a parliamentary official said .
the german competition watchdog , the federal cartel office , said tuesday it has dropped its price-fixing probe against former deutsche bank chief and banking federation president rolf breuer .
thai share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday on healthy volume with gains in large capitalized stocks led by energy giant ptt , dealers said .
some ##,### iranian hardliners gathered outside the <unk> us embassy here tuesday for the ##th anniversary of the storming of the compound , with the annual letting off of steam featuring the habitual chanting of `` death to america '' .
zimbabwean cricket captain heath streak won the toss here and decided to bat against the west indies in the first of two tests in the southern african country starting on tuesday .
ubs ag and deutsche bank ag have subscribed to a share sale by china yangtze power co. , whose listing assets include the three gorges power plant , the chinese company said tuesday .
thailand plans to tighten penalties for wildlife traffickers and include mandatory <unk> , a minister said tuesday after a series of raids and arrests aimed at cracking down on the illegal trade .
un rights envoy paulo sergio pinheiro met with myanmar 's prime minister tuesday to discuss alleged abuses including deadly clashes that triggered democracy icon aung san suu kyi 's arrest in may .
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee tuesday urged the world 's handmade carpet makers to join hands to improve quality and boost the industry 's annual growth from three to ## percent .
robbie savage is an injury doubt ahead of their euro #### play-off with russia later this month after suffering a recurrence of an old injury .
spanish foreign minister ana palacio said on tuesday spain was temporarily withdrawing its diplomatic staff from baghdad because of the extremely complicated state of affairs in iraq .
thailand will hold a two-day public hearing this month to debate whether to legalise its famous sex industry and will invite prostitutes to take part , justice minister <unk> <unk> said tuesday .
indian stocks closed #.## percent higher tuesday on continued foreign fund buying , with the focus on cement and pharmaceutical sectors , dealers said .
jakarta share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday on a technical rebound as investors scouted for cheap blue chips and indosat hit a new all-time high , dealers said .
maoist insurgents have blown up a state-owned forest guest house that hosted visiting officials to the southern indian state of andhra pradesh , a police spokesman said tuesday .
simon kukes , who was named tuesday to replace jailed mikhail khodorkovsky as head of embattled yukos , is a russian-born american with vast experience in the oil sector .
opel , the german arm of us auto giant general motors , said tuesday it is cutting the working week of thousands of employees to ## hours from ## hours in face of weak demand in the automobile sector .
chinese vice premier zeng peiyan arrived tuesday for a three-day visit of hong kong , a government spokesman said .
rubber futures prices in singapore were lower tuesday on bigger volumes , dealers said .
pakistan on tuesday released ## indian fishermen in a fresh bid to boost the slow-paced peace process between the rival south asian neighbors , officials said .
fit-again steve harmison is set to receive a call-up to the england squad for the test series in sri lanka starting next month .
philippine food and beverage giant san miguel corp. -lrb- smc -rrb- announced tuesday that it has completed its acquisition of a vietnamese company engaged in pig farming and feed milling .
west indies held the upper hand after the opening session of the first of two cricket tests against zimbabwe here on tuesday .
malaysia 's oldest plantation group sime <unk> said tuesday that crude palm oil -lrb- cpo -rrb- prices which have soared to about #,### ringgit -lrb- ### dollars -rrb- in the past month were unsustainable and likely to come down in three to four months .
indian stocks closed #.## percent higher tuesday on continued foreign fund buying , with the focus on cement and pharmaceutical sectors , dealers said .
austria 's unemployment rate remained stable at #.# percent from september to october , the labor ministry said on tuesday .
a composite indicator of french consumer confidence fell to minus ## in october from minus ## in september , according to a monthly survey released tuesday by the national statistics office insee .
president chandrika kumaratunga ordered police to go on maximum alert for unrest across the country tuesday after she sacked three ministers and suspended parliament , a top police officer said .
the new chief of russia 's largest oil producer , yukos , on tuesday insisted the company 's future was secure despite the arrest and jailing of its founder in what is seen as a politically-motivated case .
croatian prime minister ivica racan was briefly hospitalized due to exhaustion as he prepared for parliamentary elections on november ## , an official said tuesday .
the head of the un 's nuclear watchdog said that inspectors should be allowed back into iraq to tie up the loose ends of their work in monitoring the arms programs of saddam hussein .
austrian train workers staged a nationwide strike tuesday to protest government plans to break up the state railroad company in order to cut costs .
thai share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday on record trade volume , with gains in large capitalized stocks led by energy giant ptt , dealers said .
international tourist ticketing and reservations giant amadeus on tuesday posted a #.#-percent rise in net profit for the first nine months of the year from a year ago , and maintained its full-year target .
britain 's prince charles tuesday kicked off the filming of epic bollywood movie `` the rising , '' the story of an indian army soldier who revolts against colonial british rule .
spain said tuesday that it was recalling experts and some diplomatic staff from baghdad for talks on the situation there , but prime minister jose maria aznar insisted it was not an evacuation or a withdrawal .
former balkans peace broker david owen told the war crimes trial of slobodan milosevic tuesday that the former yugoslav president was ready to cut a deal to end the wars in croatia and bosnia in #### .
thai energy giant ptt will sign a gas drilling agreement with neighbouring myanmar next week , thai government officials said tuesday .
simon kukes , who was named tuesday to replace jailed mikhail khodorkovsky as head of embattled yukos , is a russian-born american with vast experience in the oil sector .
the bank of spain on tuesday estimated third quarter growth would reach #.# percent from the previous three months , for a #.# percent rise compared to the same period a year earlier .
ukraine 's foreign minister konstantin <unk> warned tuesday that economic cooperation with russia could be undermined by disputes as he called for a resolution to the row over an island .
two sons and two aides of iran 's top dissident cleric arrested for defying a ban on expanding their offices have been released after several hours of tough questioning , the cleric 's office said tuesday .
a man detonated home-made explosives in the courtyard of the turkish embassy in the dutch city of the hague on tuesday , shaking the building but causing no injuries , ankara 's ambassador here told turkish television .
france 's health watchdog said on tuesday it had recorded a surge in cases of a rare type of skin infection among aquarium lovers after they had changed tank water or handled fish with their bare hands .
oil prices continued their slide on tuesday after a period of unusually warm weather enveloped the united states , reducing expected demand for heating fuel .
greek border police tuesday arrested a trucker alleged to be smuggling ## palestinian illegal immigrants to athens and confiscated his vehicle , a police source said .
the lead singer of the rolling stones mick jagger arrived in hong kong tuesday , ending months of speculation over whether the aging rockers would play in the territory .
nato 's top military commander , general james l. jones , tuesday dismissed comparisons between us troubles in iraq and washington 's failed war in vietnam , saying success in the war-ravaged country was being overlooked .
an algerian asylum seeker has hung himself in a maltese police cell where he was being held with around ### illegal immigrants , the maltese authorities said on tuesday .
china 's military strongman and ex-president jiang zemin made a rare public appearance tuesday , urging military scholars and academics to push forward reform of the military , state press reported .
authorities in southwestern france on tuesday exhumed for reburial the remains of ## german soldiers shot dead by french resistance fighters in a revenge attack during world war ii .
iraqi public works minister <unk> mustafa <unk> called for a swift return of the un 's international staff to help the war-torn country get back on its feet faster .
indian defense minister george fernandes will visit the central asian republics of kazakhstan and kyrgyzstan this week , a defense ministry statement said tuesday .
sweden will host an international conference next week on preventing the practice of female circumcision in africa as well as among immigrant families in sweden , a government statement said tuesday .
veteran indian leg-spinner anil kumble will not be available for thursday 's <unk> saffron from iran making its way into indian markets , producers of the world 's most precious spice in troubled indian-administered kashmir are worried about their future .
a lawyer for the imprisoned former head of russian oil giant yukos appealed to european leaders on tuesday to raise the case at a summit with russian president vladimir putin here this week .
zimbabwe 's high court on tuesday concluded hearing a landmark opposition challenge to president robert mugabe 's victory in last year 's presidential election .
brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva arrived in mozambique on tuesday during his five-nation african tour aimed partly at rallying support for his campaign against wealthy nations ' farm subsidies .
umberto bossi , head of the populist northern league party , said tuesday he would oppose the introduction of a european union arrest warrant because the project is `` dictatorial .
opel , the german arm of us auto giant general motors , said tuesday it was cutting the working week of thousands of employees to ## hours from ## hours in face of weak demand in the automobile sector .
commercial banks will attract at least two million new credit card members each year as more indians discover the joy of splashing out with their credit cards , american express said tuesday .
finnish prime minister matti vanhanen will visit french president jacques chirac and prime minister jean-pierre raffarin in paris on monday in a bid to break a standoff between the two countries on eu affairs , officials said .
zimbabwe were hanging on against a battery of west indies ' fast bowling on the first day of the first test at harare sports club here on tuesday .
two foreign militants have been killed in a shoot-out with a pakistan army patrol in the volatile northwestern tribal region of south waziristan near the border with afghanistan , officials said tuesday .
the slovenian government is prepared to pay up to ## percent of the total investment renault would make if it decides to expand production of its unit <unk> in the former yugoslav republic , an official said on tuesday .
nearly #,### egyptian students held a demonstration tuesday at a university campus in north cairo to protest israeli `` aggression '' against the palestinians and the us occupation of iraq , police said .
judicial authorities in northern cyprus have demanded ## years in prison for a prominent journalist in the breakaway statelet on charges of defaming the turkish cypriot armed forces , the journalist said tuesday .
a powerful russian lawmaker who helped launch prosecutors ' inquests into the yukos oil giant said tuesday that he thought prime minister mikhail kasyanov was responsible for the country 's economic ills .
pakistan released ## detained indian fishermen tuesday in what officials described as a peace gesture between the south asian rivals while indian authorities announced they would release ## pakistani fishermen later in the day .
forty-three islamists accused of planning attacks on western interests in egypt , including the us and israeli embassies here , will appear before a military court later this month , a defense lawyer said tuesday .
sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe will press on with his schedule in washington , including talks with president george w. bush , despite an unfolding crisis back home , diplomats said .
telefonica publicidad e informacion -lrb- tpi -rrb- , an advertising and <unk> subsidiary of spanish telecoms giant telefonica , on tuesday posted a ##.## percent rise in consolidated net profits to ##.## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- from january to september , exceeding analysts ' forecasts of ## million euros amid higher sales .
the head of the german military 's special forces was sacked tuesday after backing a conservative politician under fire for comments widely criticised as anti-semitic .
a nine-year-old girl set herself on fire tuesday allegedly after a school teacher scolded her for being late to class in the southern indian town of coimbatore , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- news agency said .
the sprawling tyco international conglomerate tuesday posted a loss in the july-september quarter as it prepared to lay off #,### workers and sell more than ## businesses .
european parliament president pat cox said tuesday some new countries joining the european union lacked the flexibility needed to negotiate within the bloc , amid continued wrangling over the new eu constitution .
the sprawling tyco international group posted a quarterly loss tuesday , hit by #.# billion dollars in charges as it prepared to lay off #,### workers and sell more than ## businesses .
michael owen is out of liverpool 's uefa cup tie away to romanian club steaua bucharest after further problems from his ankle injury , the club said on tuesday .
swiss president pascal couchepin is scheduled to arrive here thursday for wide-ranging talks during a six-day trip , officials said .
dutch authorities have arrested the man believed to have attacked the turkish embassy in the hague earlier on tuesday , dutch justice minister piet hein donner told a news conference .
two more us soldiers and three iraqi civilians were killed in fresh violence in iraq , while us ally spain announced tuesday it was pulling out some of its diplomats and experts from the war-torn country .
sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels said they were closely watching the country 's unfolding political crisis and its implications for their truce with security forces .
the italian telecommunications group telecom italia , which merged with its holding company olivetti in august , announced third quarter net profit of ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- tuesday against a loss of ### million euros in the same period last year .
stocks swung lower at the opening tuesday as investors locked in gains after the major indexes hit their highest levels in at least ## months .
ghanaian opposition politicians tuesday decried the ratification by parliament last week of a deal with the united states to protect us citizens here from prosecution by the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
aston villa manager david o'leary wants striker darius vassell to start showing the qualities at club level that have already been on show for england .
the head of the german military 's special forces was sacked tuesday after backing a conservative politician under fire for comments widely criticised as anti-semitic .
longtime angolan leader jose eduardo dos santos on tuesday said he might stand in angola 's next presidential elections , despite having vowed two years ago that he wanted to leave office .
us employers announced plans to slash a one-year record of more than ###,### jobs in october , an industry survey showed tuesday , crushing hopes of a rapid labor market recovery .
one italian police officer was seriously injured tuesday when the latest in a series of letter bombs exploded in a rome police station , while a second parcel was diffused just north of the capital , police said .
nobel peace prize laureate shirin ebadi is to represent iranian-canadian journalist zahra kazemi 's family in the trial of an intelligence agent charged with her killing , ebadi 's human rights assocation said tuesday .
us employers announced plans to slash a one-year record of more than ###,### jobs in october , an industry survey showed tuesday , crushing hopes of a rapid labor market recovery .
the un nuclear watchdog is ready to find iran guilty of breaches of international nuclear safeguards when it meets in vienna later this month , the watchdog 's director said in comments reported by his spokesman tuesday .
the european commission said tuesday it would press russia at a summit this week for `` clarifications '' over the yukos crisis , warning that it could affect talks on bringing russia into a common economic space .
switzerland 's second largest banking group , credit suisse , on tuesday announced a record two billion swiss franc -lrb- #.# billion euro , #.# billion dollar -rrb- net profit for the third quarter , boosted by asset sales at its insurance arm winterthur .
the united states is closely monitoring the escalating political crisis in sri lanka , a senior official said tuesday , a day before president george w. bush is due to meet prime minister ranil wickremesinghe at the white house .
three drunken finns whose attempt at robbing a bank was so disastrous they ended up discussing a loan with the branch manager have been sent to jail , a court official said on tuesday .
french police said tuesday they had recovered ### stolen paintings , including one by pablo picasso , and arrested three suspects , capping a months-long inquiry into a may #### burglary at a collector 's home .
a sarajevo court sentenced a former bosnian muslim soldier to ## years in jail tuesday for his role in a wartime massacre of croat civilians , a prosecutor said .
a loya jirga , or traditional grand assembly , to approve afghanistan 's newly unveiled draft constitution will start work on december ## despite some difficulties , the constitutional commission said on tuesday .
world champion joe calzaghe said tuesday that he is considering a move up to the light-heavyweight division .
the leaders of germany and spain may have failed to bridge the gap on weighty eu matters , but they were agreed on one thing after talks tuesday : spain 's crown prince felipe has made a good choice of bride .
the correspondent in equatorial guinea for agence france-presse -lrb- afp -rrb- was tuesday still in detention and no reasons have been given for his detention , his wife said .
everton defender david unsworth has turned down a new deal with the english premiership club after being told he must accept a pay cut .
at least ## citizens of kyrgyzstan have drowned in a river bordering uzbekistan since uzbek security forces destroyed a cross-border bridge last december , a kyrgyz official said on tuesday .
a lawyer for the imprisoned former head of the russian oil giant yukos appealed to european leaders on tuesday to raise the case at a summit with russian president vladimir putin here on thursday .
a pakistani freed from the us military camp at guantanamo has filed a case in a local court seeking ##.# million dollars in damages from the united states for his `` illegal detention , torture and humiliation , '' court officials said tuesday .
european union finance ministers locked horns tuesday over proposals to force listed companies to issue earnings reports every three months .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga said she was ready to open peace talks with tamil tiger rebels after sacking three key ministers and suspending parliament tuesday .
police in ireland said they arrested two men tuesday in a joint operation with french authorities against the real ira that also netted five suspects from the brittany region of france .
the un nuclear watchdog , the iaea , will report that iran has failed to honor some international nuclear safeguards , at a key meeting later this month , the director was quoted as saying on tuesday .
several schoolchildren were hurt tuesday when a false report of a bomb prompted a stampede in a kenyan school located close to the site of last year 's deadly blast in an israeli-owned hotel , police said .
a ##-year-old british royal marine was killed by hostile fire in iraq last friday , the ministry of defense in london announced tuesday .
the arab league 's special envoy to the sudanese peace process has handed in her resignation , complaining that arabs were being left out of the negotiations , a league official told afp tuesday .
un prosecutor carla del ponte criticized on tuesday german chancellor gerhard schroeder for suggesting that croatia 's failure to hand over a suspected war criminal not block its bid for eu membership .
the blacklisting of a book on women and love by sunni islam 's highest authority , al-azhar university , has stirred a dispute with the government and advocates of freedom of expression .
rents for authorised private apartments for the #### athens games will cost at least #,### euros -lrb- #,### dollars -rrb- for a minimum six-day stay , organisers said tuesday .
un secretary general kofi annan sent his condolences tuesday to indonesia over the deaths caused by a flash flood that roared through the resort town of <unk> .
the commander of the zimbabwe military , general vitalis zvinavashe , will retire at the end of the year , state media reported tuesday , fuelling speculation that he may be made vice president .
zimbabwe reached ###-# at stumps on the first day of the first test against the west indies here on tuesday .
stocks sputtered on wall street tuesday , but the dow jones and nasdaq indexes moved up modestly a day after the major indexes closed at their highest levels in at least ## months .
the us securities and exchange commission said tuesday it filed civil fraud charges against five brokers and a manager formerly employed by prudential securities in a widening probe into the mutual fund industry .
birmingham city striker christophe dugarry admitted tuesday that he is playing through the pain barrier after suffering a recurrence of a knee problem .
the repatriation of angolan refugees from zambia has been halted due to rains that have left most roads leading to angola impassable , the un high commission for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- said tuesday .
gillette co. said tuesday quarterly net profit leapt as americans snapped up batteries during a massive blackout and as sales soared for lucrative <unk> razors .
a ##-year-old british royal marine commando was killed by hostile fire in iraq last friday , the ministry of defense in london announced tuesday .
moroccan international midfielder mustapha hadji has turned down a loan move to west ham because he still believes he has a future at aston villa .
european stock markets gave ground tuesday , with the london ftse ### index slipping #.## percent to #,###.# points .
oil prices continued their slide on tuesday after a period of unusually warm weather enveloped the united states , reducing expected demand for heating fuel .
former south african international center andre snyman has signed for english side leeds , the club announced on tuesday .
cyprus ' #,###-year history is dominated by invaders and conquerers from the persians to the ottoman turks , but the mediterranean island is ready to embrace a different kind of rule from brussels .
portugal 's prime minister defended his cash-strapped goverment 's decision to cut the corporate tax rate in its #### budget , arguing the measure will help battle rising unemployment .
several loud explosions were heard in the center of the iraqi capital late tuesday , afp correspondents said .
serbian prime minister zoran zivkovic released a book tuesday on `` albanian terrorism and organized crime '' in kosovo in the hope that it will lead to war crimes charges against ethnic albanians .
kurdish intellectuals held a conference in their own language for the first time in decades in turkey on tuesday , following eu-inspired reforms that have broadened the cultural freedoms of the country 's sizeable kurdish minority .
lancashire are considering leaving old trafford , one of the most historic grounds in test cricket .
a sarajevo court sentenced a former bosnian muslim soldier to ## years in jail tuesday for his role in a wartime massacre of croat civilians , a prosecutor said .
police in mauritania on tuesday arrested the son of a leading opposition presidential candidate , ahead of hotly disputed elections in the west african desert state on friday .
the top un envoy in iraq , ramiro lopes da silva , and un security coordinator tun myat have been temporarily relieved of their duties pending a review of security lapses before the august bombing of un headquarters in baghdad , a spokesman said tuesday .
an indictment unsealed tuesday accuses former healthsouth corp. chairman richard scrushy of massive criminal fraud in covering up his firm 's financial condition , officials said .
poland wants to meet a mid-december deadline for wrapping up talks on a european union constitution , but not at any price , a senior polish negotiator said on tuesday .
the top un envoy in iraq , ramiro lopes da silva , and un security coordinator tun myat have been temporarily relieved of their duties pending a review of security lapses before the august bombing of un headquarters in baghdad , a spokesman said tuesday .
the brazilian government said tuesday that it will seek a new loan accord with the international monetary fund .
a jury of ## was sworn in tuesday to determine whether a former school caretaker murdered two british schoolgirls whose disappearance and death in august #### shocked the nation .
wayne gretzky will lead team canada as executive director for the world cup of hockey #### , hockey canada announced tuesday .
the european union expressed concern after political turmoil rocked sri lanka tuesday , endangering peace talks with tamil tiger rebels .
the dollar faltered against the euro and the yen here tuesday after scoring major gains the previous day .
spanish and thai police have unearthed a <unk> facility in bangkok designed to help people-trafficking gangs bring illegal immigrants into europe , the spanish interior ministry said on tuesday .
maltese citizens have cast aside fears that their tiny archipelago will be swamped in the eu and now see their destiny as being an upmarket tourist destination , a kind of mediterranean switzerland .
poland is by far the biggest country on course to join the european union next year .
italy , currently presiding over the ##-nation european union , underlined tuesday that it will do all it can to get a mention of europe 's christian roots inserted into a new eu constitution .
spanish ###cc motorcycling rider toni elias has signed with the fortuna honda stable for the #### world motorcycling championship season , the team announced tuesday .
british foreign secretary jack straw tuesday promised to work to help ease tensions between india and pakistan after holding talks with pakistani foreign minister khurshid mahmud kasuri in london .
estonia in many ways identifies itself more with its nordic eu neighbors across the sea than with the two other baltic countries with which it broke away from the soviet union .
the united nations mission in kosovo has set up a special unit to fight corruption within its own ranks as well as in the province 's institutions , an official said tuesday .
us president george w. bush on tuesday took an aerial tour of fire-ravaged areas of california , flanked by governor-elect arnold schwarzenegger and his outgoing predecessor , gray davis .
the czech republic is seen as a stable , progressive central european country which provides a key link between the germanic and slavic worlds , between the developed and developing parts of europe .
northern ireland 's protestant leader david trimble said tuesday he would resist the restoration of the province 's powersharing government until the irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb- `` conclusively '' dismantled its arsenal .
two people were seriously injured tuesday when their car exploded in central kiev , media reported .
romania has struggled perhaps more than any of its eastern european neighbors to shake off the legacy of poverty and corruption from the blood-stained communist past .
tatenda taibu and debutant stuart matsikenyeri came to zimbabwe 's rescue on tuesday as the home side recovered from ##-# to finish the opening day of the first test against the west indies on ###-# .
slovenia , one of ## countries joining the european union in #### , is a small nation in the center of europe that stubbornly fought for and won its independence in the post-cold-war era .
four coalition soldiers , probably american , were wounded in three explosions in baghdad on tuesday , us defense department officials said .
middlesbrough 's premiership campaign has been hit by the news that striker malcolm christie will miss the rest of the season after breaking his leg during training .
croatian police have arrested an austrian citizen who has acted as chief of guinea bissau 's diplomatic mission in the balkan country since #### on suspicion of impersonation and fraud , the interior ministry said tuesday .
slovakia , one of europe 's youngest countries , lies geographically at the heart of a large area of central europe set to become part of the european union in #### .
maher arar , a syrian-born canadian that us officials deported to syria in september #### , described tuesday a harrowing tale of more than six months of torture in a room he called `` the grave .
indonesia , guatemala and serbia-montenegro won an award wednesday for failing to address a massive problem of homelessness and slums , while scotland was praised for its `` rare '' protection of the right to housing , an advocacy group said .
lawyers monday expressed concern for the health of five men awaiting trial in greece on charges of rioting during anti-eu demonstrations last summer and who have entered their second month on hunger strike .
portugal said tuesday it is considering raising its fuel tax to pay for a restructuring of the nation 's forests after summer wildfires ravaged a record amount of land and killed ## people .
un secretary general kofi annan said tuesday he hoped sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga 's sweeping political changes would not derail the fragile peace process with tamil tiger rebels .
cbs will not air a series on former president ronald reagan that had piqued the ire of republicans , the network 's news division reported tuesday .
a woman recently released from a mental hospital killed five of her six children tuesday , police in southern argentina said .
brazil coach carlos alberto parreira on tuesday completed his list of ## players for two south american #### world cup qualifiers later this month .
ecuador coach hernan dario gomez on tuesday named a ##-man squad for south american #### world cup qualifiers against paraguay on november ## in asuncion and peru four days later in quito .
russian president vladimir putin arrived in rome late tuesday for a two-day visit during which he will take part in a summit with the european union and receive an audience with pope john paul ii , officials said .
celta vigo 's french midfielder peter luccin has been banned for two matches in the spanish first division , the spanish football federation said tuesday .
sudan 's ambassador to the netherlands has been recalled over `` financial irregularities '' at the embassy , foreign minister mustafa ismail said tuesday .
serbia 's prime minister travels to china on wednesday for a five-day visit focused on talks on settling of the balkan country 's debt to beijing , his office said tuesday .
the cypriot government tuesday approved a `` tourism roadmap '' to boost arrivals to #.# million over the next seven years by seeking out new markets and plug an image of the island as as a year-round resort .
the united states said tuesday it was concerned that sri lanka 's fast developing political crisis could have a negative impact on hopes for a peace deal with the tamil tigers .
a us soldier was killed in iraq on tuesday and the baghdad headquarters of the coalition authority came under barrage in another bold swipe at the us-led occupation that wounded four troops .
a leading jewish group hit out tuesday at the increasing use of nazi imagery by political protesters in israel after swastikas were daubed on banners commemorating the murder of israeli premier yitzak rabin and death threats were made against israeli union chief amir peretz .
russian president vladimir putin arrived in rome late tuesday for a two-day visit during which he will take part in a summit with the european union and receive an audience with pope john paul ii .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon left moscow late tuesday at the end of a three-day visit during which he apparently failed to resolve differences with russia over the roadmap for middle east peace .
newcastle striker lomana lualua may opt to play for the democratic republic of congo at the african nations cup in tunisia in january rather than help his english club in their push for a european place .
us deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz said tuesday that opinion polls back washington 's presence in iraq and that americans and iraqis are winning a post-war peace despite rising us fatalities .
a tel aviv boutique which caused a scandal by offering free clothes to women who agreed to do a striptease has been set on fire , israeli police said tuesday .
us secretary of state colin powell on tuesday offered firm support for honduran president ricardo maduro 's reform programs , suggesting honduras would benefit from additional us support as a result .
venezuela coach richard paez on tuesday named a ##-man squad for south american #### world cup qualifiers against colombia on november ## in barranquilla and bolivia three days later .
the correspondent for agence france-presse -lrb- afp -rrb- in equatorial guinea remained in police custody tuesday as officials there tried to nail down the source to an afp story of an attempted coup in the tiny west african state , officials said .
the ease with which suicide attacks can be launched poses a genuine threat despite global anti-terror efforts , a senior british counterterrorism expert warned tuesday .
un secretary general kofi annan urged guatemalans tuesday to consider the past of their presidential candidates when they cast ballots sunday -- a reference to controversial former dictator efrain rios montt , one of the top contenders .
france denied tuesday a claim in a us newspaper that french and russian intermediaries had visited deposed iraqi president saddam hussein before the war to promise they would block any attempt by washington to attack him .
an iraqi judge tasked with investigating officials of the ousted regime of president saddam hussein was shot dead tuesday in the northern city of mosul , in the second such killing in ## hours , iraqi police said .
the us military authorities on tuesday lowered the toll from an attack on a us army chinook helicopter to ## dead from ## .
wal-mart acknowledged tuesday it was the object of a federal investigation after the arrest of hundreds of illegal immigrants working at its stores through third-party contractors .
a judge investigating members of saddam hussein 's ousted regime was shot dead tuesday in the northern iraqi city of mosul , in the second such killing in as many days , police said .
the united states does not intend to grant a honduran request to sell it four advanced helicopters to help fight narcotics traffickers , us secretary of state colin powell said here tuesday .
the united states may rejoin the un-sponsored international coffee organization -lrb- ico -rrb- , after withdrawing from the group in protest a decade ago , us secretary of state colin powell said here tuesday .
cameroon airlines -lrb- camair -rrb- announced late tuesday that its services were set to resume after three days of unexplained flight cancellations .
an international consortium set up to build two nuclear reactors for north korea under a now ruptured #### pact on tuesday delayed a decision on a us request to suspend the project , a spokesman said .
an international consortium set up to build two nuclear reactors for north korea under a now ruptured #### pact on tuesday delayed a decision on a us request to suspend the project , a spokesman said .
authorities in sierra leone have granted bail to four government employees , including three senior officials , detained as part of a police probe into attempts to smuggle cocaine to britain in diplomatic bags , a police spokesman said tuesday .
the number of women in iraq who die of pregnancy and childbirth has almost tripled since #### according to a new survey , the un population fund -lrb- unfpa -rrb- said tuesday .
top fijian rugby winger rupeni caucaunibuca is still keen to represent new zealand , he told wednesday 's government-owned daily post .
manchester united virtually assured their place in the champions league knockout phase with a clinical #-# demolition of rangers here on tuesday .
nine-time european champions real madrid took another step towards a possible tenth title when they became the first team to book a place in the knockout stages of this season 's champions league despite a #-# draw against partizan belgrade here on tuesday .
a late goal from ac milan 's newly-signed brazilian midfielder kaka gave the european champions a #-# revenge win over fc bruges in their champions league group h tie here at the <unk> on tuesday .
us stocks pulled back modestly tuesday a day after hitting fresh #### highs , with investors consolidating gains and awaiting key labor market data later in the week .
regaining match toughness - both mental and physical - will be the biggest challenge facing venus and serena williams when they return to tennis in january , players at the elite season-ending wta championships predicted wednesday .
the dollar fell back against the euro and yen tuesday after a strong rally a day earlier fizzled .
celta vigo registered their first ever win in the champions league when they defeated former champions ajax #-# here on tuesday to throw the race for qualification from group g wide open .
a ##-year-old schoolboy died tuesday after he was stabbed during a fight at a village school in northern england , police said .
a late goal from ac milan 's newly-signed brazilian midfielder kaka gave the european champions a #-# revenge win over fc bruges in their champions league group h tie here at the <unk> on tuesday .
world oil prices eased tuesday as unusually warm weather enveloped the united states , lowering expected demand and prices for heating fuel .
europe will impose multibillion-dollar sanctions if the united states fails to scrap export tax breaks this year , european trade commissioner pascal lamy warned here tuesday .
telecom new zealand , the country 's leading stock , wednesday posted a ### million new zealand dollar -lrb- ## million us -rrb- net profit for the september quarter , ## percent up on the ### million dollars reported a year earlier .
us secretary of state colin powell explained his impromptu meeting with taiwan 's president chen shui-bian tuesday with china 's foreign minister li zhaoxing , hours after beijing criticised the episode , officials said .
america 's most progressive major city , san francisco , went to the polls tuesday to elect a new mayor out of a long list of nine candidates .
atlanta thrashers center marc savard will undergo surgery tuesday to repair torn ligaments in his left ankle and is expected to miss eight to ## weeks of the national hockey league season .
vfb stuttgart edged closer to the champions league knockout stages with a #-# defeat of panathinaikos here on tuesday .
residents of a california town were voting tuesday on whether to establish an official karma for the tiny community , a measure proposed by a homeless resident who paints herself with chocolate .
uefa cup holders fc porto took a significant step towards a place in the champions league knock-out stages with a #-# defeat of marseille here on tuesday .
indonesia , guatemala and serbia-montenegro won an award wednesday for failing to address a massive problem of homelessness and slums , while scotland was praised for its `` rare '' protection of the right to housing , an advocacy group said .
three members of the us-led coalition in iraq , probably americans , were wounded in three explosions in baghdad on tuesday , us defense department officials said .
international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- chief executive malcolm speed says he has every confidence in the west indies ' ability to host the #### world cup and hit out at reports that australia has been <unk> as an alternative should the tournament be unable to be staged in the caribbean .
the united states called tuesday for an honest , timely vote count in georgia 's election , expressing concern at irregularities in procedures .
turkmenistan refused tuesday to join four other regional nations in signing a groundbreaking accord to halt mounting environmental damage in the caspian sea , the student news agency isna reported .
a british man dressed as spiderman was tuesday spending his fifth night in a ###-foot -lrb- ##-metre -rrb- crane above london 's tower bridge to protest against being prevented access to his young daughter .
prime minister ariel sharon arrived back in israel early wednesday after a three-day visit to russia during which he apparently failed to resolve differences with russia over the roadmap for middle east peace .
david wells , who enjoyed two effective but occasionally turbulent tenures with th new york yankees , was cut loose tuesday after th american league champions declined to pick up his # million-dollar option for #### .
coach eddie jones dropped veteran winger joe roff and replaced him with rugby league convert lote tuqiri here wednesday when he named his side to take on scotland in the world cup quarter-finals in brisbane on saturday .
san antonio spurs coach gregg popovich was suspended one game by the national basketball association on tuesday for making contact with an official in monday 's loss to the memphis grizzlies .
australia 's latest campaign to recapture the america 's cup won by the controversial alan bond two decades ago was revved up here wednesday when the recruitment phase of the program was launched .
four members of the seattle mariners and former mariner shortstop alex rodriguez were selected as american league gold glove winners tuesday .
australia 's conservative government came under attack wednesday after it retroactively removed thousands of islands from the country 's so-called migration zone in a bid to prevent boat people from seeking asylum on the territories .
as expected , the atlanta braves exercised the #### option on the contract of ace russ ortiz .
share prices in tokyo opened lower on wednesday with the nikkei-### index falling ##.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
the vast potential of the world 's oceans should be explored with a massive exploration project funded by ### million dollars a year in appropriations , the national research council said in a report release tuesday .
australia 's conservative government came under attack wednesday after it retroactively removed thousands of islands from the country 's so-called migration zone in a bid to prevent boat people from seeking asylum on the territories .
movie star arnold schwarzenegger plans a low-key inauguration as california 's governor later this month , due to the state 's financial ills and devastating fires , his spokesman said tuesday .
paintings by amedeo modigliani and fernand leger sold for new records at christie 's bi-annual auction of modern and impressionist art late tuesday .
lock chris jack has recovered from an ankle sprain and was named by new zealand coach john mitchell on wednesday in his side to play south africa in the world cup quarter-finals here on saturday .
a cambodian court wednesday upheld a guilty verdict against a former khmer rouge colonel accused of the abduction and murders of three western backpackers and ordered him to serve a life sentence .
a cambodian court wednesday upheld a guilty verdict against a former khmer rouge colonel accused of the abduction and murders of three western backpackers and ordered him to serve a life sentence .
hong kong gold prices opened higher wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
movie star arnold schwarzenegger plans a low-key inauguration as california 's governor later this month , due to the state 's financial ills and devastating fires , his spokesman said tuesday .
russian president vladimir putin 's attendance at a russia-eu summit in italy this week will likely be overshadowed by concerns over last week 's arrest of oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky , who stepped down as head of oil giant yukos on monday .
a cambodian court wednesday upheld a guilty verdict against a former khmer rouge colonel accused of the abduction and murders of three western backpackers and ordered him to serve a life sentence .
new zealand referee steve walsh , at the center of the ##th-man row with england , is back in the good books having been named as one of the four referees for the world cup quarter-finals .
a south korean delegation left wednesday for north korea to pursue talks on reconciliation and economic cooperation as diplomatic efforts were renewed to set up another round of nuclear crisis talks .
the democratic party of ivory coast -lrb- pdci -rrb- of former ivory coast president henri konan bedie threatened on tuesday to quit the national government of reconciliation , listing a string of serious grievances .
maher arar , a syrian-born canadian that us officials deported to syria in september #### , described tuesday a harrowing tale of more than six months of torture in a room he called `` the grave .
bob hope could soon become one of a handful of celebrities to have an airport named after him , after the los angeles suburb of burbank moved to rename its airport for the late comedian .
hong kong share prices fell #.## percent in opening trade wednesday after overnight falls on wall street , dealers said .
cambodia 's rival political parties wednesday began their first meeting aimed at forming a government after july elections , called by king norodom sihanouk who is pressuring them to end the stalemate .
a cambodian court on wednesday found a former khmer rouge colonel guilty of the abduction and murders of three western backpackers and sentenced him to life in jail .
a us soldier and a british royal marine were killed in iraq and the baghdad headquarters of the coalition authority came under barrage in another bold swipe at the us-led occupation that wounded three people .
a mentally ill us prisoner was executed by lethal injection in georgia , prison officials said late tuesday .
ireland coach eddie o'sullivan on wednesday made two changes to his side for the world cup quarter-final against france here on saturday .
the dollar was steady to slightly firmer against the yen and the euro in tokyo on wednesday morning in a largely technical movement as players were sidelined , looking for new factors to stimulate the market , dealers said .
england replacement back mike catt was taken to hospital here on wednesday for precautionary x-rays following an injury at a training session .
a mentally ill us prisoner was executed by lethal injection in georgia , prison officials announced late tuesday .
the philippine inflation rate rose #.# percent in october compared with the same month a year ago due to increases in the costs of food , beverages and tobacco , the government said wednesday .
china 's forex watchdog considers the country 's foreign debt manageable , even if a large proportion is short-term and more vulnerable to sudden mood shifts in international finance , state media reported wednesday .
an enforced two-week lay-off has allowed france 's top players to recharge their batteries for the world cup quarter-final against ireland in melbourne on sunday .
paintings by amedeo modigliani and fernand leger sold for new records at christie 's bi-annual auction of modern and impressionist art late tuesday .
rescuers pressed on wednesday with their grim search for bodies after an indonesian flood disaster in which about ### people are feared killed .
democratic presidential frontrunner howard dean defended himself tuesday against charges that recent remarks he made in an effort to reach out to the blue-collar southern voters were racially insensitive .
democratic presidential frontrunner howard dean defended himself tuesday against charges that recent remarks he made in an effort to reach out to the blue-collar southern voters were racially insensitive .
the leadership of south korea 's ailing hyundai group was in doubt wednesday after an individual investor bought a ##.##-percent stake in hyundai elevator , the group 's de facto holding company .
a catholic priest was shot dead tuesday by two gunmen while driving to a medical center at saravena , eastern colombia .
india has expressed concern over developments in sri lanka where president chandrika kumaratunga sacked three ministers and suspended parliament , and urged dialogue to avoid a constitutional crisis .
malaysian authorities have broken up a syndicate smuggling luxury cars into the country from the united kingdom and arrested a briton described as the `` mastermind '' , local media reported wednesday .
a thief was executed in vietnam for murdering a man to steal his motorbike and gold necklace , while another robber was sentenced to death for killing a child , court officials said wednesday .
china 's first man in space yang liwei headed for macau on wednesday after ending a flag-waving six-day visit to hong kong where he was greeted as a national hero .
oil prices were slightly higher in asian trade wednesday ahead of us crude stocks data to be released later in the day , dealers said .
about #,### supporters of deposed philippine president joseph estrada were blocked by riot police from marching on the supreme court on wednesday to back calls for the impeachment of chief justice hilario davide .
coach eddie jones dropped veteran winger joe roff and replaced him with rugby league convert lote tuqiri here wednesday when he named his side to take on scotland in the world cup quarter-finals in brisbane on saturday .
philippine share prices closed little changed wednesday , slipping just #.## percent after hitting ##-month highs earlier this week , dealers said .
australia 's crocodile hunter steve irwin declared politicians more dangerous than man-eating reptiles wednesday after he was savaged in federal parliament over his fee for a government advertising campaign .
singapore 's senior minister , lee kuan yew , admitted wednesday he was mistaken to claim that british prime minister tony blair 's office intervened to ensure his wife got quick treatment at a london hospital .
treatment in the icy waters of the hotel pool has accelerated the recovery of scottish no. # simon taylor from a knee injury and he is expected to play against australia in their rugby world cup quarter-final here on saturday .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent lower in morning trade wednesday after overnight falls on wall street , dealers said .
a court has ordered frozen the assets of xinjiang hops company 's biggest shareholder a day after the chairman of the shanghai-listed company went missing , state press reported wednesday .
england utility back mike catt was taken to hospital here on wednesday for precautionary x-rays after he took a blow to the head at a training session .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi has called for a comprehensive study into the causes behind the formation of militant groups and why they commit terrorist acts , a cabinet member has revealed .
australian coach eddie jones says he expects scotland to have a fling in their world cup quarter-final match here on saturday despite being overwhelming underdogs .
china has ordered shanghai tobacco corp to merge with the beijing cigarette factory as part of a move to consolidate the industry in the face of growing international competition , state press reported wednesday .
australia 's law council voiced strong opposition tuesday to government plans to beef up its spy agency 's anti-terrorism powers , questioning whether it was wise to follow france 's no-holds-barred approach .
australian shares slumped #.## percent wednesday after the reserve bank 's surprise decision to raise interest rates hurt the banking sector , dealers said .
two muslim women were killed and two other civilians injured overnight in an exchange of artillery and mortar fire by indian and pakistani troops across the de facto kashmir border , police said .
telecom 's weakness and an unexpected rate rise in australia dampened the new zealand market wednesday , dealers said .
parking attendants in cahoots with thieves have already stolen #,### vehicles this year in india 's capital , police warned wednesday .
the dollar was slightly firmer against the yen and euro in tokyo wednesday in a largely technical movement as investors awaited new factors to stimulate the market , such as us jobs data due out on friday , dealers said .
police and paramilitary forces patrolled the streets of the bangladeshi port city of narayanganj wednesday as factory workers enforced a half-day general strike to protest the killing of a worker , police and residents said .
taiwan share prices closed up #.## percent in modest trade wednesday on the back of rotational play despite a largely weaker wall street overnight , dealers said .
china yangtze power , the listing vehicle of china 's massive and controversial three gorges dam project , opened wednesday its ## billion yuan -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- offering of a-shares to retail investors after fully subscribing its institutional tranche .
nine people were killed and three injured when a textile truck slammed into a tractor carrying ## people on a rural road in china 's western-most xinjiang region , state press said wednesday .
taiwan share prices closed up #.## percent in modest trade wednesday on the back of rotational play despite a largely weaker wall street overnight , dealers said .
japanese share prices closed down #.## percent on wednesday as the yen 's general strength against the dollar prompted profit-taking in exporter shares , dealers said .
after a broken leg , torn groin , three knee reconstructions and ## broken noses , south africa scrum-half joost van der westhuizen has only one regret - that he wo n't be around for much more punishment .
pakistani president pervez musharraf left beijing wednesday after a three-day state visit to cement ties with close ally china , the official xinhua news agency reported .
japan 's top automaker toyota said wednesday its group net profit rose ##.# percent from last year to a record ###.## billion yen -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in the first half .
an indonesian admitted wednesday he became caretaker head of an islamic group which authorities describe as a terrorist network , but said his aim was to dissuade members from violence .
an islamic militant and an indian soldier were killed and four other soldiers wounded wednesday in a firefight with rebels in the village of <unk> in southern indian kashmir , police said .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga wednesday vowed not to provoke tamil rebels into resuming their war and committed to a truce with the group , her top aide said .
cambodia 's three main political parties have agreed to form a government with prime minister hun sen as leader , the ruling cambodian people 's party -lrb- cpp -rrb- said wednesday .
england coach clive woodward on wednesday named lewis moody to play alongside lawrence dallaglio and neil back in the back row for the world cup quarter final against wales here on sunday .
south korea will buy new us surface-to-surface missiles capable of hitting most strategic targets in north korea , military officials said wednesday .
china 's leading pc maker legend group said wednesday its first half net profit rose #.# percent to ###.## million hong kong dollars -lrb- ##.# million us -rrb- .
cambodia 's three main political parties have agreed to form a coalition government with prime minister hun sen as leader , the ruling cambodian people 's party -lrb- cpp -rrb- said wednesday .
india 's tata group will later wednesday sign a memorandum of understanding -lrb- mou -rrb- to acquire south korean truck maker daewoo commercial vehicle co. .
an explosion in rural northern china has killed nine people including four children , and left six others injured , state press reported wednesday .
a hong kong woman allegedly beaten and robbed of travel documents in china by mainland authorities while campaigning for victims of a high-profile shanghai property scandal will be allowed home , a rights group said wednesday .
lote tuqiri has emerged from a bit-part role to a wallaby starting run at the expense of long-term incumbent joe roff for saturday 's rugby world cup sudden-death quarter-final with scotland in brisbane .
san francisco faces a runoff election for mayor on december # after none of the nine candidates received more than ## percent of the vote in tuesday 's city polls .
disgraced ####s rock star gary glitter , who was convicted on child pornography charges in britain , denies molesting children in cambodia , his lawyer said wednesday after he returned to the country to fight a deportation order .
australia 's st george bank said wednesday its net profit was up ## percent at ### million dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- in the year to september .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga wednesday declared a state of emergency as the country plunged into political turmoil following the sacking of three ministers , her office said .
the leadership of south korea 's ailing hyundai group was in doubt wednesday after an individual investor bought a ##.## percent stake in hyundai elevator , the group 's de facto holding company .
french banking group bnp paribas said wednesday net profit jumped a forecast-busting ##.# percent in the third quarter on strong operating results and capital gains .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga wednesday declared a state of emergency as the country plunged into political turmoil following the sacking of three ministers , her office said .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday on profit-taking , although some blue chips outperformed the broader market as investors were drawn to their attractive fundamentals , dealers said .
japan 's top automaker toyota said wednesday its group net profit rose ##.# percent from last year to a record ###.## billion yen -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in the first half on solid sales abroad .
hong kong gold prices closed higher wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
indonesia 's environment minister on wednesday branded illegal loggers as terrorists after a flood disaster blamed on <unk> killed an estimated ### people in north sumatra .
china 's central bank has given the green light for four local banks to set up representative offices in taiwan , state media reported wednesday .
adidas-salomon , the german maker of sportswear and equipment , said wednesday that its sales and earnings rose in the third quarter , despite the difficult situation in the united states and the effects of the weak dollar .
australia 's government wednesday reintroduced legislation to ease media ownership rules which could see the dominant players increase their market share and allow increased foreign ownership .
prime minister thaksin shinawatra has ordered a close watch for signs of manipulation in trade on thailand 's booming stock exchange which is running at record-high turnover , a minister said wednesday .
pakistani president pervez musharraf on wednesday arrived here for talks with south korean counterpart roh moo-hyun and other top leaders , officials said .
cambodia 's three main political parties have agreed to form a coalition government with prime minister hun sen as leader , the ruling cambodian people 's party -lrb- cpp -rrb- said wednesday .
a bomb exploded wednesday morning near the kabul offices of the international aid agencies oxfam and save the children but there were no casualties , an oxfam official said .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra said wednesday he would shortly announce a cabinet reshuffle , and promised to oust ministers who were not performing well in their posts .
a zambian magistrate court wednesday ruled that a corruption case involving former president frederick chiluba should begin and dismissed legal technicalities raised by his lawyers that have delayed the trial .
indonesian villagers who have released snakes in their <unk> to hunt hungry rats are now worried about human predators hunting the serpents .
a japanese court on wednesday rejected a damages claim by six women who sought compensation from a trading company for its gender-based pay system .
extremist israeli settlers have chopped down hundreds of olive trees grown on palestinian farmland in the west bank , sources on both sides said wednesday .
the period of <unk> military training is to be increased for women in the israeli army , while their male counterparts will need to train less , military sources said wednesday .
an wily #.#-metre crocodile that mysteriously surfaced in hong kong waters last week continued to give wildlife officers the <unk> wednesday , the government said .
four-time defending champions cuba bounced back from three <unk> down in each of the last two sets to beat european champions poland in the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on wednesday .
philippine president gloria arroyo said wednesday she was facing problems defusing a constitutional crisis that has shaken business confidence and provoked fears of a military coup .
eight flights at an airport in indonesia 's east kalimantan province were delayed wednesday afternoon after a plane overshot the taxiway and became stuck , an airport official said .
india expressed concern wednesday over developments in sri lanka where president chandrika kumaratunga sacked three ministers and suspended parliament , and urged dialogue to avoid a constitutional crisis .
malaysia 's new prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi has called for a study into the causes of terrorism and told his first news conference wednesday that `` we must take politics out of the mosque '' .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday on profit-taking , although some blue chips outperformed the broader market as investors looked to their more attractive fundamentals , dealers said .
two russian soldiers were killed in chechnya after a mine exploded in the south of russia 's war-torn republic , officials told afp wednesday .
kazakhstan president nursultan nazarbayev is to discuss with president gloria arroyo possible joint oil exploration projects during his three-day state visit to the philippines next week , the foreign office said wednesday .
prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi kept malaysia guessing wednesday by refusing to name anyone to the powerful post of deputy premier , while keeping the cabinet he inherited from mahathir mohamad intact .
french banking group bnp paribas said wednesday net profit jumped a forecast-busting ##.# percent in the third quarter on strong operating results and capital gains .
a bomb exploded wednesday morning near the kabul offices of the international aid agencies oxfam and save the children but there were no casualties , an oxfam official said .
taiwan 's consumer prices in october fell #.## percent from a year earlier as house rental and household durable goods prices slipped , the directorate general of budget , accounting and statistics -lrb- dgbas -rrb- said wednesday .
the hong kong government will set up a committee to investigate the organization of the territory 's <unk> music extravaganza , citing poor organization , financial chief henry tang said on wednesday .
turkey has turned down a request by israeli prime minister ariel sharon to visit ankara citing the busy schedule of his turkish counterpart recep tayyip erdogan , israeli embassy sources said on wednesday .
police investigating a heroin smuggling racket found large amounts of cash on a north korean freighter they boarded after a four-day chase along australia 's east coast , a court was told wednesday .
chinese pairs world champions xue shen and hongbo zhao will get local pulses racing when they glide on to the ice in front of a home crowd here in the china cup figure skating championships .
victoria ended ## years of bad luck here wednesday when they secured their first outright sheffield shield win over queensland at the ` gabba ground since #### .
australia 's army said wednesday it would investigate allegations that australian soldiers mistreated east timor militiamen after it led an intervention force to the territory in #### .
teachers and pupils in a placid rural corner of england were in mourning wednesday after a boy was fatally stabbed by a fellow student in a school hallway .
malaysian share prices closed down #.## percent wednesday due to profit-taking , dealers said .
an egyptian woman arrested for begging on cairo 's streets delivered a baby girl in court just after the judge handed down a jail sentence , <unk> newspaper reported wednesday .
russia 's young communists are bidding to highlight their appeal by staging a `` <unk> '' event at moscow 's biggest cinema ahead of the wednesday premiere of `` the matrix : revolutions '' , the sci-fi movie that is being released simultaneously in ## countries .
chinese pairs world champions xue shen and hongbo zhao will get local pulses racing when they glide onto the ice in front of a home crowd here in the china cup figure skating championships .
hong kong share prices closed virtually unchanged wednesday , holding steady after seven days of successive gains as the market absorbed some mild profit-taking in selected blue chips , dealers said .
after recording a historic low in popularity last month , german chancellor gerhard schroeder 's social democrats have plumbed new depths , according to an opinion poll released wednesday .
russian president vladimir putin officially began a two-day visit to italy on wednesday with a courtesy visit to his italian counterpart carlo azeglio ciampi in rome .
indonesian shares closed #.# percent higher wednesday on a sharp rebound in telkom and fresh buy interest before next week 's listing of bank rakyat indonesia , dealers said .
us under secretary of state for trade alan larson added his voice wednesday to growing calls by the us government for china to step up the pace of reform and move towards a more flexible exchange rate regime .
commerzbank , the fourth-biggest bank in germany , is confident it will post an operating profit in the third quarter , a spokesman said on wednesday , rejecting market rumors the bank was set to issue a profit warning .
a woman linked to the former iraqi regime and her daughter were wounded in an attack on their home in kirkuk , ### kilometers -lrb- ### miles -rrb- north of baghdad , wednesday , police said .
the three leading opposition candidates in mauritania 's presidential election were set to stage a joint protest march on wednesday , two days before the vote , after police raided one candidate 's home and arrested his son , a spokesman said .
israel plans to file a resolution to the un general assembly on child victims of palestinian attacks , in an unprecedented move which could herald new tactics toward the world body it accuses of bias , an official said wednesday .
sri lanka 's government will go ahead with direct talks with tamil tiger rebels despite the political crisis following the sacking of three ministers , the top peace negotiator said wednesday .
russian natural resources minister vitaly <unk> in an interview published wednesday threatened to revoke exploration licenses held by embattled oil giant yukos , describing the move as `` practically inevitable .
turkmenistan has asked for more time before putting its signature to a landmark environmental accord signed here by the four other caspian sea states , iranian officials said wednesday .
thai share prices gained #.## percent wednesday , led by blue chips in heavy trade spurred by foreign investors , dealers said .
at least ## people were killed and several were injured when two buses collided in northeastern tanzania on wednesday , police said .
indonesia 's environment minister on wednesday branded illegal loggers as terrorists after a flood disaster blamed on <unk> killed an estimated ### or more people in north sumatra .
twenty-one french soldiers have arrived in zambia for a ##-day joint peacekeeping exercise in airborne operations , the zambian army said wednesday .
a new inquiry into the government 's handling of the devastating sars outbreak in hong kong is expected to begin in january next year , lawmakers said wednesday .
indonesian shares closed #.## percent higher wednesday on a sharp rebound in telkom and fresh buying interest before next week 's listing of bank rakyat indonesia , dealers said .
geologists traveled wednesday to a remote village in india 's northern state of himachal pradesh to study the debris of a meteorite that crashed to earth over the weekend , an official said .
indian stocks trudged lower wednesday as investors took a breather after sharp recent gains triggered by positive corporate news , dealers said .
a malaysian court on wednesday ordered ## vietnamese fishermen to serve jail sentences of one to two months after they failed to settle a fine for illegal fishing .
republicans gained two governorships in kentucky and mississippi in elections , as other states elected mayors , local legislatures and decided on proposals ranging from allowing casinos in maine and indiana , to stress reducing measures in denver , colorado .
british manufactured output fell for the second month in a row in september as a nascent recovery showed further signs of faltering , official figures showed wednesday .
ireland 's president mary mcaleese was beginning a three-day visit to rome on wednesday where she will have an audience with pope john paul ii , a spokesman said .
scores of israelis staged a demonstration at the <unk> military checkpoint in the west bank on wednesday after a reservist staff sergeant was jailed for refusing to serve at the post .
israel has decided to ease its blockade of palestinian towns in the west bank with the exception of nablus and jenin , a military spokesman said wednesday .
indian vice president bhairon singh shekhawat departed myanmar wednesday after a five-day visit which the official press said had strengthened ties between the neighbors .
the three leading opposition candidates in mauritania 's presidential election were set to stage a joint protest march on wednesday , two days before the vote , after police raided one candidate 's home and arrested his son , a spokesman said .
world trade is expected to grow a weak three percent this year , unchanged from #### , the world trade organisation said wednesday , prompting wto chief supachai panitchpakdi to call for an urgent relaunch of global trade talks .
germany 's protestant church on wednesday elected wolfgang huber , the bishop of berlin , to lead the country 's ##.# million lutheran faithful for the next six years , officials said .
sri lanka 's tiny stock market plunged a record ##.## percent wednesday after president chandrika kumaratunga sacked key ministers and triggered a delay in the presentation of the government 's budget .
at least eight people died and ## others were ill after drinking homemade liquor in western bangladesh , a television channel reported wednesday .
rubber futures prices in singapore were lower wednesday on reduced volumes , dealers said .
the eu commission decided on wednesday to hit imports from the us with duties of ### million dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- from march #### in retaliation against a us tax scheme , eu sources said .
prime minister thaksin shinawatra on wednesday asked regulators to watch for signs of manipulation in trade on thailand 's booming stock exchange which is running at record-high turnover .
a government-run electronics consortium in the malaysian island of penang wednesday signed a pact with the government of the southern indian state of karnataka to jointly manufacture and design hardware and develop customised products for global markets .
armed looters carried out raids in the northeastern democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- town of bunia before being dispersed by un peacekeepers , the town 's mayor , floris <unk> , told afp wednesday .
indian stocks trudged lower wednesday as investors took a breather after sharp recent gains triggered by positive corporate news , dealers said .
russian liberal opposition leader grigory yavlinsky dismissed suggestions wednesday that anti-kremlin opposition would unite behind a single presidential candidate in wake of the yukos affair .
a sessions court in northern india handed down life sentences on wednesday to ## people , including former congress leader mukesh sharma , for murdering prominent theater personality and marxist leader <unk> hashmi ## years ago .
thai share prices gained #.## percent wednesday , led by blue chips in heavy trade spurred by foreign investors , dealers said .
former india fast bowler <unk> <unk> died on wednesday aged ## following a heart attack at his residence here , family members said .
leonid <unk> , a principal shareholder of the embattled russian oil giant yukos , has been granted israeli citizenship , the interior ministry said wednesday .
britain will not participate in a proposed autonomous eu military planning and command center which will be separate from the nato headquarters , british defense secretary geoff hoon said wednesday .
britain 's prince charles wednesday ended a nine-day tour of india , and is bound for oman where he is to spend four days on a state visit , officials said .
the financial difficulties of the german holding company wcm increased on wednesday as the heavily indebted group 's creditor banks called in a ###-million-euro -lrb- ###-million-dollar -rrb- loan and confiscated a key asset .
hwang jang-yop , the highest-ranking north korean defector , vowed wednesday to dedicate his life to bringing democracy to his stalinist homeland on his return from a ##-day us trip .
oil prices were almost flat on wednesday in soporific trading ahead of the release later in the day of key weekly figures for us energy stockpiles .
the turkish cypriot judiciary has demanded heavy jail terms for three more senior journalists who criticized the armed forces in breakaway northern cyprus , the accused journalists said wednesday .
hungary 's budget deficit reached ###.# billion forint -lrb- #.# billion euros , #.# billion dollars -rrb- for the period from january to october , the finance ministry said wednesday in a communique .
the european union 's executive arm said wednesday it had agreed to slap multi-million-dollar trade sanctions on the united states in a bid to overturn an illegal us corporate tax scheme .
kurdish chief and current president of the interim governing council jalal talabani said wednesday he will visit turkey later this month in a bid to ease the crisis over the possible deployment of turkish troops in iraq .
the french utilities group suez said on wednesday that it had completed the sale of its us water-treatment subsidiary nalco for #.## billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion euros -rrb- .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale shook indonesia 's bengkulu province in southern sumatra but there were no immediate reports of casualties , the state antara news agency said wednesday .
mauritanian police on wednesday used tear gas to disperse several hundred people who gathered for a protest march called by three leading opposition candidates two days ahead of a presidential election .
leonid <unk> , a principal shareholder of the embattled russian oil giant yukos , has been granted israeli citizenship , the interior ministry said wednesday .
australian shares slumped #.## percent wednesday after the reserve bank 's surprise decision to raise interest rates hurt the banking sector , dealers said .
the sudanese government and rebels in the western darfur region have agreed to extend a ceasefire as talks between the two sides continued in neighboring chad , the official radio said late tuesday .
teachers and pupils in this placid rural corner of england were in mourning wednesday after a teenager was fatally stabbed by a fellow student in a school hallway , in an act of violence rarely seen in british schools .
pop hearthrob justin timberlake looks set to scoop an armful of awards at the #### mtv europe music awards after launching his solo career last year .
an israeli lawyer tried but failed to legally bind his wife to have sexual intercourse with him twice a day , the country 's top-selling daily reported wednesday .
school caretaker ian huntley murdered ##-year-old english schoolgirls holly wells and jessica chapman , then hid their bodies in the hope that they would never be found , his trial was told wednesday .
england 's cricket team will tour sri lanka from next week as scheduled despite a state of emergency being declared in the south asian nation , team officials said on wednesday .
cleaning your teeth may be the oldest human habit , according to a <unk> whose experiments suggest early man used grass stalks as tooth picks .
eurozone unemployment remained at #.# percent in september , unchanged from its august level , the eu statistics office eurostat said wednesday .
eurozone retail sales fell by #.# percent in august from july , and were #.# percent lower than in august #### , the eu statistics office eurostat said wednesday .
turkish doctors in the public sector launched a one-day nationwide strike on wednesday to press their demands for better pay and working conditions .
hundreds of nigerians have fled their homes since a fire , that is still raging , erupted three weeks ago at an oil well owned by italian industrial group agip , a regional official told afp on wednesday .
the governor of the central iraqi province of najaf declared wednesday an open-ended general strike here in protest at the lack of security after a judge was shot dead .
the rate of unemployment in lithuania fell to #.# percent in october from a year ago , its lowest level in the past four years , from #.# percent in september , lithuanian labor bureau said wednesday .
terra lycos , spanish <unk> giant telefonica 's internet subsidiary , posted wednesday a net loss of ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- from january to end september , ##.## percent less than in the same period a year earlier .
six people were electrocuted or drowned and an army ammunition warehouse blew up during heavy thunderstorms sweeping southern sudan , a newspaper reported wednesday .
a japanese company has invented the world 's first wristwatch phone which works by transforming the user 's finger into an earpiece , new scientist says in next saturday 's issue .
two tourists who were on a luxury british cruise ship where <unk> of passengers came down with a highly contagious stomach virus have died , the shipowner p and o said wednesday .
israel announced wednesday it was relaxing its blockade of palestinian towns in the west bank after warnings that its harsh occupation was fostering extremism .
five people were killed in fresh separatist violence in indian kashmir , while two women died in a exchange between indian and pakistani troops , police said wednesday .
oman said wednesday it had joined the un 's world tourism organization -lrb- wto -rrb- to better promote itself as a holiday destination .
the european commission on wednesday adopted reports on ## countries due to join the eu in may and three other eu hopefuls , urging them to continue reforms in key areas of `` serious concern , '' an eu source said .
industrial production in spain fell #.# percent from a year ago in seasonally adjusted figures after rising #.# percent in august , the country 's national statistical institute said wednesday .
germany 's rwe dea ag and partner bp have made another significant gas find in the mediterranean sea off egypt , the company said wednesday .
a meeting of the mainstream palestinian movement fatah 's central committee broke up wednesday without any resolution of the dispute between yasser arafat and prime minister ahmed qorei over the choice of a new interior minister , another minister said .
two tourists on a luxury british liner that was stricken by a highly contagious stomach virus during a mediterranean cruise have died of heart-related causes , the ship 's owner said wednesday .
four us soldiers were wounded in fighting with suspected taliban militants in southeast afghanistan , a us military spokesman said on wednesday .
scotland captain paul lambert revealed wednesday he has lost his battle for fitness for the euro #### play-off with the netherlands later this month .
norway , the official mediator in the sri lankan peace process , said wednesday it was following developments there closely but refrained from commenting on the government 's decision to declare a state of emergency .
british budget airline easyjet is to use berlin 's <unk> airport as its latest european hub , with ## routes operating out of the city from may next year , it announced wednesday .
san antonio spurs star forward tim duncan could be out of action for up to three weeks with a sprained left ankle which he picked up in monday 's loss to the memphis grizzlies .
the head of turkey 's banking watchdog resigned wednesday amid reports that he was under pressure from the government over his institution 's handling of failed banks .
president chandrika kumaratunga once said she wanted to scrap the sri lankan constitution , which borrows elements from the british , french , us systems , but it has allowed her to deliver a stunning blow to the government .
the governor of the central province of najaf on wednesday declared an open-ended strike in the city to protest against the lack of security as us-led forces and iraqis working with them came under increasingly bold attacks .
the german cabinet decided wednesday to prolong by one year the mandate of its troops serving in operation `` enduring freedom '' , the international war on terrorism , a spokesman said .
world trade is expected to grow a weak three percent this year , unchanged from #### , the world trade organisation said wednesday , prompting wto chief supachai panitchpakdi to call for an urgent relaunch of global trade talks .
the sudanese government and rebels in sudan 's western darfur region have agreed to extend a ceasefire while they pursue negotiations in neighboring chad , the official <unk> late tuesday in abeche , delegations from both sides endorsed a continuation of the ceasefire and a resumption of negotiations on december # .
extremist israeli settlers have chopped down hundreds of olive trees grown on palestinian farmland in the west bank , sources on both sides said wednesday .
the turkish cypriot judiciary has demanded heavy jail terms for three more journalists who criticized a security clampdown on a pro-eu initiative in breakaway northern cyprus , the accused said wednesday .
zimbabwe captain heath streak built a long-awaited maiden century against west indies here on wednesday in the first of two cricket tests .
turkey wednesday rejected eu warnings , expected to be issued in a report later in the day , that a failure to resolve the decade-long cyprus conflict could undermine ankara 's bid to join the bloc .
turkey wednesday rejected eu warnings , expected to be issued in a report later in the day , that a failure to resolve the decades-long cyprus conflict could undermine ankara 's bid to join the bloc .
the governor of the central iraqi province of najaf declared wednesday an open-ended general strike here in protest at the lack of security after a judge was shot dead .
the israeli parliament wednesday approved the first reading of a controversial austerity budget which has led to major industrial unrest .
a couple in nepal claimed they killed their ##-day-old son because jail was <unk> to life in a village torn by maoist insurgency , police said wednesday .
the italian automobile market was stable last month following a decline in august and a sharp pickup in september , with the fiat brand posting a four percent jump in sales , the transport ministry reported wednesday .
sri lanka 's minority muslims who hold the balance of power in parliament wednesday pledged their support to prime minister ranil wickremesinghe amid a deepening political crisis .
the trial of two men accused of murdering two siblings began wednesday in western germany , setting off tears in the courtroom and fierce protests by neo-nazis outside .
the french banking group bnp paribas said wednesday that net profit jumped a forecast-busting ##.# percent in the third quarter on strong operating results and capital gains .
the united nations has protested to the government of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- after being prevented from inspecting a plane it suspected of bringing weapons into the volatile east of the country .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon is to ask his cabinet to decide this sunday on a prisoner exchange deal with the shiite militia hezbollah , his office said in a statement wednesday .
iraqi shiite leader moqtada sadr said there is no political coordination between him and iran , while also indirectly criticizing anti-us attacks , in a interview published wednesday .
around ### sikh pilgrims , mostly from neighbouring india , arrived in pakistan wednesday to celebrate the ###th birthday of the founder of the sikh religion baba guru nanak , officials said .
kazakhstan 's ambassador to moscow has resigned amid rumors that he plans to go into opposition politics , media in the former soviet republic said on wednesday .
arsenal manager arsene wenger revealed wednesday that the english premiership leader 's french international midfielder patrick vieira is unlikely to return to action before december .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon is to ask his cabinet to decide this sunday on a prisoner exchange deal with the shiite militia hezbollah , his office said in a statement wednesday .
power in iraq could be transferred to a civilian government even if deposed leader saddam hussein remains at large , british prime minister tony blair said wednesday .
the arab league will send a high-level delegation to iraq next week for the first time since the war to topple saddam hussein was launched in march , the organization said wednesday .
the norwegian government refused wednesday to give in to opposition demands to withdraw state subsidies it granted to a self-proclaimed witch so she could start a company that mixes potions for lost souls .
a former afghan anti-soviet fighter who joined the taliban after falling out with anti-taliban commander ahmad shah masood was assassinated by an unknown gunman in front of his house in kabul wednesday , a witness and officials said .
hungarian prime minister peter medgyessy wednesday said his country wanted to cooperate with india in information technology to create more jobs .
the new head of russian oil giant yukos , simon kukes , said in a german newspaper on wednesday he did not favor a merger with a us oil company .
the head of turkey 's banking watchdog resigned wednesday amid reports that he was under pressure from the government over his institution 's handling of failed banks .
afghanistan 's national flag carrier will friday relaunch flights between the capital and the main southern city of kandahar which were suspended in march , a us military spokesman said .
two feuding northern afghan warlords wednesday assured united nations security council envoys of their support for president hamid karzai against a backdrop of renewed fighting which has killed at least seven people , officials said .
public finances have deteriorated in the czech republic as it heads towards joining the eu next year , the european commission said in a report released wednesday .
wall street shares fell in opening trade wednesday as investors consolidated recent gains and awaited key us employment figures later this week .
indian police said wednesday they arrested two more suspects over twin car bombings in bombay that killed ## people in august .
croatia squad for the euro #### qualifier against slovenia on november ## in zagreb after coach otto baric <unk> it would chart its own course -- while hinting that it may be ready to work with another liberal opposition group union of right forces -lrb- sps -rrb- ahead of next month 's parliamentary vote .
bundesliga pacesetters vfb stuttgart must do without the services of croatian midfielder <unk> vranjes for two to three weeks .
of the three baltic states in line to join the european union next year , lithuania emerged in an annual eu scorecard wednesday as the leading pupil and latvia as the <unk> , with estonia in the middle .
the european commission expressed `` serious concern '' wednesday about six areas of activity in malta , second only to poland in terms of pressure to implement reforms before it joins the eu next may .
perugia midfielder saadi kadhafi , son of the libyan leader moamer , has tested positive for the banned steroid nandrolone , the italian olympic committee -lrb- coni -rrb- said on wednesday .
bulgaria , which hopes to join the european union in #### , must do more to fight corruption and strengthen its judiciary , the european commission said wednesday .
zimbabwe declared at ### for # on the second day of the first test against west indies here on wednesday , leaving west indies about an hour 's batting before the close of play .
ivory coast president laurent gbagbo said wednesday he would travel to liberia shortly in a bid to improve strained relations with between the two countries .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said wednesday the european union was right to criticize turkey for failing to fully implement democracy reforms , but rejected warnings that failing to resolve the cyprus conflict could undermine the country 's bid to join the bloc .
polish officials expressed confidence on wednesday that they could catch up in preparations for joining the european union , after an eu report criticised warsaw for lagging behind .
lazio defender sinisa mihajlovic faces a uefa disciplinary investigation for spitting in the face of chelsea striker adrian mutu , european football 's governing body uefa said on wednesday .
the white house said wednesday that it strongly supports democratic institutions in sri lanka , just hours before us president george w. bush meets privately with its prime minister , ranil wickremesinghe .
a bomb exploded wednesday morning near the kabul offices of the international aid agencies oxfam and save the children but there were no casualties , an oxfam official said .
french police were on wednesday holding a sixth man after the round-up the day earlier in the north of the country of suspected supporters of the dissident northern ireland paramilitary faction , the real ira , officials said .
syria is looking to open its first stock exchange as part of an economic reform package whose details were published wednesday in the official daily ath-thawra .
prosecutors in the baltic state of lithuania on wednesday grilled two aides of lithuanian president rolandas paksas over allegations the presidential office has links with organised crime .
australian international striker mark viduka could be in line for a recall to struggling english premiership side leeds after his bust-up with boss peter reid last weekend .
pakistan 's minority mps and representatives of the minorities ' alliance wednesday demanded a ban on foreign travel leveled against a christian rights activist be lifted .
perugia midfielder saadi kadhafi , son of the libyan leader moamer , has tested positive for the banned steroid nandrolone , the italian olympic committee -lrb- coni -rrb- said on wednesday .
serbia has launched an investigation into three ethnic albanian leaders accused of genocide and terrorism against serbs in kosovo , justice ministry officials said wednesday .
us president george w. bush will signal his support for the political transition in democratic republic of congo when he meets here wednesday with its president , joseph kabila , the white house said .
the macedonian parliament on wednesday approved a cabinet reshuffle replacing the ministers of finance , justice , the economy and transport and communication .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said wednesday the european union was right to criticize turkey for failing to fully implement democracy reforms , but rejected warnings that failing to resolve the cyprus conflict could undermine the country 's bid to join the bloc .
britain 's prince charles flew into muscat from india wednesday on a five-day ramadan visit to close ally oman that will include talks with officials and a tour of a major mosque .
microsoft corp on wednesday announced a multi-million dollar tie-up with sri lanka , which will provide education and training and see the software giant set up a local subsidiary in the country .
mauritanian presidential hopeful mohamed khouna ould haidallah is planning a coup if longtime leader maaouiya ould taya wins re-election , the incumbent 's campaign manager charged wednesday , two days before polling day in the west african desert state .
ilija petkovic has extended his deal as coach of serbia-montenegro by two years which will take him up until the end of the #### world cup qualifiers , the tanjug agency reported wednesday .
a yemeni who was imprisoned for five years in bosnia on charges of belonging to the al-qaeda terror network has returned to his country , the ruling general people 's congress said here wednesday .
the vast us services sector sped up in october , expanding for the seventh straight month and reflecting a <unk> economic recovery , a survey showed wednesday .
russia said wednesday it was in favor of seeing un arms inspectors return to iraq , a move that has already been opposed by the us state department .
german foreign minister joschka fischer praised wednesday bangladesh 's commitment to peacekeeping work around the world during talks with his bangladeshi counterpart morshed khan .
a bomb planted by suspected maoist rebels exploded wednesday outside the palace of nepal 's crown prince paras but there were no injuries or damage , an army official said .
us commercial inventories of crude oil stayed flat last week , the government said wednesday .
morocco international dries <unk> has agreed a deal with english first division side sheffield united until the end of the season .
new orders for goods from us factories rebounded in september as hot demand for new cars offset a plunge in orders from the pentagon , government figures showed wednesday .
croatia 's triple olympic skiing champion janica kostelic has serious problems with her thyroid gland which could be fatal if she does not rest , the <unk> list daily newspaper reported on wednesday .
russia on wednesday accused a top us senator who challenged its handling of the yukos affair of `` <unk> '' and lapsing into cold war-era stereotypes .
with italian governments coming and going at an average of one a year since #### , prime minister silvio berlusconi passed a milestone wednesday by becoming italy 's second longest-serving premier .
herewith key points of concern outlined by the european commission for ## countries due to join the eu next may , and three states hoping to join after that .
kyrgyzstan security forces have thwarted a plot by islamic extremists to attack an airbase used by us-led troops fighting in afghanistan , a security official said on wednesday .
south africa is to hold a pledging conference next month to raise money for its troop deployment in burundi , deputy foreign minister aziz pahad said on wednesday .
us director quentin tarantino said wednesday there was no simple solution to the growing worldwide trade in pirated films , but insisted the practice did not keep film buffs from heading to movie theaters .
african countries with the worst corruption are the least successful at protecting endangered species , a study says , adding that wildlife groups must be made aware of the peril of graft before they throw themselves into conservation schemes .
croatia 's nationalist opposition party said wednesday the economy and joining the european union were its main priorities as it unveiled its platform for this month 's general elections .
microsoft on wednesday launched a reward fund with five million dollars to help track down creators of viruses and other types of malicious activity on the internet .
investigators still suspect ## al-qaeda hijackers were meant to take part in the september ## attacks on the united states but have not yet identified the ##th attacker , a source close to the investigation said wednesday .
democratic republic of congo 's youthful leader , joseph kabila , said wednesday he had discussed his country 's humanitarian needs and political transition in talks here with us president george w. bush .
canada 's premier literary prize for fiction went to kenyan-born m.g. <unk> for his book `` the <unk> world of vikram <unk> , '' the giller prize organization announced at a gala dinner tuesday .
oil prices bumped upwards on wednesday after the latest weekly figures for us energy inventories failed to bring the expected increase in stockpiles .
slovakia has entered talks with us steel and the european commission , which says bratislava has not honored an accord limiting steel production , industry minister pavol rusko said wednesday .
an african human rights organization wednesday voiced concern over police operations against an opposition candidate standing in mauritania 's upcoming presidential election .
mozambican president joaquim chissano asked brazil on wednesday for aid to help his southern african country combat a devastating hiv\/aids epidemic .
russian president vladimir putin said wednesday he was opposed to revoking exploration licences held by yukos after the jailing of its main shareholder , despite a threat by russia 's natural resources minister .
athletics kenya -lrb- ak -rrb- is to protest to the international association of athletics federations -lrb- iaaf -rrb- over its decision to sanction the exodus of some of the country 's finest young athletes to oil-rich arab nations .
portugal coach luiz felipe scolari has named one new cap , benfica midfielder armando goncalves petit , in his ##-man squad for the upcoming friendlies against greece and kuwait .
us envoy marc grossman told the serbian deputy prime minister responsible for kosovo here wednesday that talks on whether the un-run province will become independent will not begin before #### , tanjug news agency reported .
european stocks slid lower wednesday , with london 's ftse ### index off #.## percent at #,###.# points .
there 's no love lost between yves saint laurent and the man who reinvented his ready-to-wear line : the french designer told a us trade daily in an interview published wednesday that he was happy to see tom ford go .
wall street shares swung lower in morning trade wednesday as investors consolidated recent gains and awaited key us employment figures later this week .
west indies reached ##-# in their first innings in reply to zimbabwe 's ###-# declared at close of play on the second day of the first test here on wednesday .
dubai technology and media city free zone -lrb- <unk> -rrb- unveiled wednesday a ground-breaking professional code and standards tribunal for its hundreds of broadcasters and publishers , inspired by british guidelines .
suspected maoists planted two bombs wednesday outside the palace of nepal 's crown prince paras but no one was injured , although ## rebels were reported dead elsewhere in the troubled kingdom , officials said .
a german chemicals company dropped from a holocaust memorial project over its links to nazi-era death camps has already worked on the structure , the foundation building it admitted wednesday .
italy 's main labor unions and political parties said wednesday they would participate in a national march against terrorism on november ## , backing a call by prime minister silvio berlusconi after a spate of recent letter bomb attacks on police .
the french hotel group accor posted nine-month sales of five billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- wednesday , a drop of #.# percent from the same period one year earlier .
just a day after a syrian-born canadian gave a harrowing tale of being tortured by syrian inquisitors , the family of another syrian-born canadian is demanding ottawa do more to win his release .
liechtenstein signalled wednesday it would sign an accord enlarging one of europe 's trading zones to include the ## incoming european union members , alongside fellow european economic area -lrb- eea -rrb- members iceland and norway .
russian president vladimir putin said wednesday he was opposed to revoking exploration licences held by yukos after the jailing of its main shareholder , despite a threat by russia 's natural resources minister .
iran has given the un nuclear watchdog drawings of the components used to make centrifuges which the united states claims were used to make weapons-grade uranium , iran 's ambassador to the iaea said wednesday .
following the tradition of the ancient olympics to the letter , the organisers of the #### athens games said wednesday only men would be allowed to compete in the discus competition which they want staged in the games ' ancient birthplace in olympia .
sv hamburg are set to hang onto the services of iranian playmaker mehdi mahdavikia with the arrival of klaus toppmoller as coach playing a pivotal role .
the dollar edged higher against the euro wednesday as market players took an optimistic outlook on further vital us economic data due out later in the week .
controversial french striker nicolas anelka who was left raging after being dropped by kevin keegan last weekend will return to the manchester city squad for thursday 's uefa cup second round first leg clash against polish side groclin .
un secretary general kofi annan on wednesday welcomed the so-called geneva initiative on middle east peace and said it was in harmony with a un-backed plan to solve the israeli-palestinian conflict .
the european commission said wednesday it does not expect a `` decoupling '' of the eu hopes of romania and bulgaria , which both aim to join the bloc in #### .
a middle-aged us truck painter on wednesday pleaded guilty to murdering ## women , apparently solving the largest unsolved serial killing in us history .
perugia midfielder saadi kadhafi , son of the libyan leader moamer , has tested positive for the banned steroid nandrolone , the italian olympic committee -lrb- coni -rrb- said on wednesday .
russian president vladimir putin arrived at the vatican wednesday evening for an audience with pope john paul ii .
britain dishes out five times as much aid for victims of humanitarian disasters in europe as it does for those in africa , the british government 's spending watchdog said wednesday .
the current president of the governing council , jalal talabani , slammed syria on wednesday for interfering in iraq 's affairs following a diplomatic tiff over baghdad 's <unk> of a regional summit in damascus .
un secretary general kofi annan arrived in chile wednesday on the start of a four-nation south american tour set to wind up at the ibero-american summit in bolivia next week .
skipper heath streak smashed a maiden test century as underdogs zimbabwe seized control of the first test against the west indies here on wednesday .
three members of ousted iraqi president saddam hussein 's fedayeen militia were arrested wednesday in kirkuk following clashes with police , said the northern city 's chief of police .
a middle-aged us truck painter on wednesday pleaded guilty to murdering ## women in a stunning plea bargain that closed the worst unsolved serial killing in us history .
us troops said wednesday they were not aware of a report that an iraqi farmer had been accidentally shot dead by american forces who were combing farms in <unk> near baqubah , northeast of baghdad .
the european union wednesday pressed pakistan 's visiting foreign minister , khurshid mehmood kasuri , over the arrest of an opposition leader and the pace of democratic reform , an official said .
brazil has announced plans to negotiate a new deal with the international monetary fund , its fourth since #### and the first under leftist president luiz inacio lula da silva , who is keen to keep the economy 's growth rate on track .
the namibia farmworkers union threatened wednesday to begin moving onto white-owned commercial farms as of next week .
a us federal court has ruled that families of americans killed in a #### bombing of a french airliner can sue libya and several libyan officials for damages , french victims ' rights group sos <unk> announced wednesday .
a swiss court has ruled that it is not competent to judge an appeal by former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto against a ##.# million dollar money <unk> conviction , legal documents indicated wednesday .
democratic republic of congo 's youthful leader , joseph kabila , said wednesday he had discussed his country 's humanitarian needs and political transition in talks here with us president george w. bush .
an algerian man being questioned by police in northern ireland is suspected of serious criminal activities linked to international terrorism , police said wednesday .
pope john paul ii told russian president vladimir putin that he was `` praying for russia '' during a wide ranging ##-minute meeting at the vatican on wednesday evening , vatican sources said .
iceland has offered to take over coordination of kabul 's international airport for the nato-led peacekeeping force in afghanistan , a nato source said wednesday .
a minor earthquake shook the southeastern italian village of san giuliano di puglia wednesday , a year after ## children died when their school collapsed after a tremor , local authorities said .
officials in one of the us states affected by this <unk> and the southeastern part of the state languished for several days without electricity .
vegetables and herbs grown in inner-city gardens may contain potentially toxic levels of lead , according to a study reported in next saturday 's issue of the british weekly new scientist .
african countries with the worst corruption are the least successful at protecting endangered species , a study says , adding that wildlife groups must be made aware of the peril of graft before they throw themselves into conservation schemes .
the united nations could wait two more years before voting on whether to ban all forms of human cloning , including for medical research , a un spokeswoman said wednesday .
switzerland on wednesday urged the sri lankan government and tamil rebels to hold talks to resolve an escalating political crisis and save the peace process .
the turkish cypriot judiciary has demanded heavy jail terms for three more journalists who criticized a security clampdown on a pro-eu initiative in breakaway northern cyprus , the accused said wednesday .
leading taiwanese and american political figures were among several hundred people who attended a memorial service wednesday for soong mayling , the widow of former chinese nationalist leader chiang kai-shek , who died last month aged ### .
romanian foreign minister mircea geoana described as `` encouraging '' a european commission report wednesday on the country 's progress towards joining the european union and vowed bucharest would attack areas where it was lagging behind .
flights by troubled cameroon airlines -lrb- camair -rrb- are operating satisfactorily , the airline said wednesday following their resumption a day earlier after an unexplained three-day grounding .
pope john paul ii told russian president vladimir putin that he was `` praying for russia '' during a wide ranging ##-minute meeting at the vatican on wednesday evening , vatican sources said .
us deputy secretary of state richard armitage will soon travel to the middle east , <unk> an earlier trip , the state department said wednesday .
talks are to open thursday between the burundian government and the chief political party representing the minority tutsis , their leader said wednesday .
the euro disney theme park announced wednesday it had received waivers from its lenders on certain obligations aimed at giving it time to resolve its financial difficulties .
perugia midfielder saadi kadhafi , son of the libyan leader moamer , has tested positive for the banned steroid nandrolone , the italian olympic committee -lrb- coni -rrb- said on wednesday .
one american in seven agrees with president george w. bush that the iraq conflict constitutes the most important fight in the war on terrorism , according to a washington post-abc poll published wednesday .
germany 's ig farben , the company that once made the <unk> pesticide used in adolf hitler 's gas chambers , announced wednesday that it is facing insolvency .
us president george w. bush signed a law on wednesday banning what critics have dubbed `` partial-birth abortion , '' a move that will please his political base a year from the #### election .
croatia said wednesday it was unhappy at suggestions by the un chief war crimes prosecutor that its future membership of the european union should be tied to the handing over of a suspected war criminal .
hoping to end decades of `` frustration and pent-up '' anger that fuel terrorism , president george w. bush will call thursday for accelerated democratic reforms in the middle east in the wake of the iraq war .
the united states is confident spain will remain engaged in iraq despite its decision to pull its diplomatic staff from the war-torn country , the state department said wednesday .
republican senator john mccain said wednesday the united states should rapidly dispatch more us troops to iraq to quell mounting attacks against american soldiers .
italian justice minister roberto castelli threatened wednesday to resign after parliament rejected his plan to scale back the country 's juvenile courts .
us secretary of state colin powell poured praise on china wednesday for delivering the us `` message '' to north korea that washington would not budge in its refusal to solve a nuclear crisis in one-on-one talks with pyongyang .
a suspected member of the basque separatist group eta arrested in germany earlier this year was extradited to spain on wednesday , the interior ministry said .
us stocks ended mixed wednesday after a choppy session marked by investor caution ahead of key labor market data this week and earnings from tech giant cisco systems .
a body that campaigns for press freedom called wednesday on the authorities in equatorial guinea to release immediately the afp correspondent there , rodrigo <unk> nguema , arrested in malabo on monday .
the united states said wednesday that for the time being it did not want un weapons inspectors to return to iraq , insisting its own inspectors needed no help in searching for thus-far elusive weapons of mass destruction -lrb- wmd -rrb- .
a japanese company has invented the world 's first wristwatch phone which works by transforming the user 's finger into an earpiece , new scientist says in next saturday 's issue .
it 's official : by majority vote the free-spirited california town of <unk> loves blueberries , bears and <unk> .
strike action by british firefighters , angry at what they see as management reneging on a pay deal , spread wednesday to ## of the country 's ## brigades , union sources said .
us secretary of state colin powell poured praise on china wednesday for delivering the us `` message '' to north korea that washington would not budge in its refusal to solve a nuclear crisis in one-on-one talks with pyongyang .
the us army may replace halliburton as the agent for future gasoline imports into iraq following accusations of overcharging , two senior democratic lawmakers said wednesday .
the us army may replace halliburton as the agent for future gasoline imports into iraq following accusations of overcharging , two senior democratic lawmakers said wednesday .
double european champions juventus overcame a lengthy injury list as well as relentless pressure to carve out a #-# draw with real sociedad and book their place in the knockout stages of the champions league here on wednesday .
celtic gave a massive boost to their chances of qualifying for the lucrative knockout phase of the champions league after a gutsy #-# win over group a rivals anderlecht on wednesday .
frustration at myanmar 's political plight boiled over in the us congress on wednesday , as representatives charged the united nations with `` failure '' in its drive to smash the deadlock between the opposition and the military government .
global sales of semiconductors are expected to show ##.# percent growth in #### and ##.# percent growth next year , an industry group said wednesday .
inter milan remain on course for a place in the last ## of the champions league despite being held to a disappointing #-# draw against group b rivals lokomotiv moscow here on wednesday .
guinea-bissau 's post-coup president , henrique rosa , said wednesday general elections should only be held in the west african nation after its battered economy is rebuilt .
the united states has stressed to georgian president eduard shevardnadze the need for a fair and accurate vote count from last weekend 's parliamentary elections as unrest grows over delays in releasing the results , the state department said wednesday .
about ### riot police late wednesday expelled ## iraqi kurds from a church they had occupied for three days in the southern port of marseille , police sources said .
british police late wednesday said they had charged a ## year-old schoolboy with murder after the fatal stabbing of a fellow pupil at a village school in rural central england .
celtic gave a massive boost to their chances of qualifying for the lucrative knockout phase of the champions league after a gutsy #-# win over group a rivals anderlecht on wednesday .
a seventh british police officer resigned wednesday after an undercover bbc documentary screened last month exposed racism in their ranks .
rick peterson , who has overseen the development of the superb staff of the oakland athletics , was named pitching coach of the new york mets on wednesday .
teachers and pupils in this placid rural corner of england were in mourning wednesday after a teenager was <unk> the school gates , floral tributes grew in number .
the us federal bureau of investigation used post-september ## counterterrorism legislation to seize financial records of a las vegas <unk> owner , the american civil liberties union said wednesday .
the dollar edged higher wednesday against other major currencies as market players took an optimistic outlook on vital us economic data due out later in the week .
frustration at myanmar 's political plight boiled over in the us congress on wednesday , as representatives charged the united nations with `` failure '' in its drive to smash the deadlock between the opposition and the military government .
the us congress geared up for a new rights row with vietnam on wednesday , with the introduction of a resolution which accuses the hanoi government of presiding over `` egregious '' abuses of religious freedom .
never mind thwarting jonny wilkinson 's kicking or martin johnson 's grizzled leadership , wales can beat england in sunday 's world cup quarter-final by pretending to be monkeys , according to a body language expert .
powerful loose forward danie rossouw was the only change as south africa named their side for this weekend 's world cup quarter-final against new zealand here thursday .
current un security council president angola is among ## nations that failed to meet an october deadline to submit reports on steps they have taken to fight terrorism , a un committee said wednesday .
world oil prices surged wednesday after the latest weekly snapshot of us crude oil inventories showed little change , surprising traders expecting a rise in stocks .
us president george w. bush signed a law on wednesday banning a late-term abortion procedure , the first government restriction on abortion rights in the united states in three decades .
iraqis and americans secretly tried last february to avoid war in iraq through negotiations mediated by a lebanese businessman , us media reported wednesday .
us treasury secretary john snow said wednesday the world 's biggest economy has entered a `` new phase '' of growth but job creation lags behind .
share prices in tokyo opened marginally lower on thursday with the nikkei-### index losing ##.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
us treasury secretary john snow said wednesday the world 's biggest economy has entered a `` new phase '' of growth but job creation lags behind .
world number one andy roddick is taking his show from the tennis courts to the television sets .
brazilian and international monetary fund officials agreed wednesday to a ##-billion-dollar insurance loan to shield brazil from external shocks as it seeks to stabilize its economy .
the un security council will meet thursday to discuss a new report on liberia that recommends keeping sanctions in place against the troubled west african state .
pakistani president pervez musharraf , speaking ahead of a summit with south korean leader roh moo-hyun thursday , denounced as a smear campaign charges that islamabad helped north korea 's nuclear weapons drive .
hong kong chief executive tung chee hwa will visit europe next week to promote the former british colony 's recovery after it was hit , earlier this year , by the sar epidemic , local media said thursday .
the leading us labor confederation afl-cio and anti-globalization activists have announced they will hold a protest here during an upcoming trade summit on creating an americas free trade area .
gustav klimt 's `` farmhouse on the <unk> '' sold for ##.# million dollars late wednesday , setting a new record for the painter 's work at the sotheby 's auction .
englishman roy hodgson , who built his reputation in the heat of the english premiership and italy 's serie a , faces one the toughest missions of his career on friday in the unlikely surroundings of damascus 's <unk> stadium .
australia on thursday put out its first-ever travel advice for its close neighbor new zealand , warning travellers to watch out for earthquakes and not to leave their belongings unattended .
vladimir putin faces questions about the kremlin 's treatment of oil giant yukos at an eu-russia summit here thursday which has been overshadowed by allegations of a crackdown by the russian president on a political opponent .
australian fisheries investigators have wrapped up an illegal poaching operation after inserting microchips into fish then tracking them to the culprits ' freezer , officals said thursday .
australia 's unemployment rate hit a ##-year low of #.# percent in october , defying expectations with a surprise surge in the number of new jobs created , official figures showed thursday .
a mobile phone subsidiary of japan 's home electronics giant matsushita said thursday it has set up a joint venture with a us firm in china to develop third generation -lrb- #g -rrb- mobile phone networks .
palestinian leaders will try thursday to resolve a dispute holding up the formation of a new government that has already dragged into overtime , party sources said , after israel announced the easing of its blockade of the west bank .
us president george w. bush signed a law on wednesday banning a late-term abortion procedure , the first government restriction on abortion rights in the united states in three decades .
irish prime minister bertie ahern was thursday set to hold talks with the leaders of <unk> members cyprus and slovakia as ireland prepares to take over the presidency of the european union .
pakistani president pervez musharraf , speaking ahead of a meeting with south korean leader roh moo-hyun thursday , denounced as a smear campaign charges that islamabad helped north korea 's nuclear weapons drive .
japan 's fifth-ranked carmaker mazda said thursday its group net profit in the first half to september more than doubled to ##.# billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- on strong sales in europe and china and continued cost-cutting .
france captain fabien galthie is calling for cool heads and steely determination from his players as they complete their preparations for the world cup quarter-final against ireland in melbourne on sunday .
us president george w. bush was to call thursday for swifter democratic reforms in the middle east amid continuing violence in iraq and pentagon plans to rotate us troops there .
australian researchers on thursday unveiled an infra-red detector of airborne volcanic ash they say could save airliners from potential disaster during <unk> eruptions .
hong kong share prices fell #.## percent in opening trade on thursday following overnight declines on wall street , dealers said .
the retail block of china yangtze power shares , the listing arm of china 's huge three gorges dam project , has been ##.# times oversubscribed , state press reported thursday .
australian prime minister john howard said thursday other palestinians deserved the sydney peace prize more than activist hanan ashrawi , hours before she was to receive the award .
golf 's global governing bodies made two major rule changes wednesday as part of the most extensive changes in the game in ## years , alterations that will go into effect on january # .
the dollar rose against the yen on thursday , supported by an outlook of strong us economic growth , dealers said .
shares in australia 's gaming sector fluctuated thursday as investors attempted to pick a winner among competing takeover bids that would reshape the industry if approved .
tom watson , who has donated millions of dollars to researching the disease that has left his caddie and best friend unable to speak , received the payne stewart award here on wednesday .
us investment fund carlyle group confirmed thursday its intention to sell off its controlling stake in koram bank , south korea 's sixth largest lender , a news report here said .
a palestinian woman was shot dead early thursday when she was hit by a bullet in the neck during an early morning raid by the israeli army in the northern west bank city of nablus , according to palestinan <unk> and security sources .
a us man who admitted wednesday to murdering ## mostly teen-age prostitutes and runaways is a suspect in ## similar killings in canada over the past ## years , canadian police said .
prime minister john howard defended thursday the controversial <unk> of #,### islands from australia 's migration zone after a small group of asylum seekers landed on one of them .
the leak of a democratic document wednesday describing a strategy to highlight contradictions in cia reports and statements by the us administration about iraq intensified animosity at a senate committee wednesday .
australian police said thursday they had seized the country 's second-largest haul of the drug ecstasy and smashed the belgian crime syndicate behind the ## million dollar -lrb- ## million us -rrb- shipment .
vietnamese mafia boss nam cam and one of his underlings have appealed to president tran duc luong to have their death sentences commuted to life imprisonment , court officials said thursday .
las vegas could lose its pga tour event unless a new sponsor is found , but the #### us pga tour program announced wednesday is otherwise set with prize money of about ### million dollars in ## events .
china 's nationwide system to control and prevent a return of the deadly disease sars has kicked into action , state media said thursday , as the cool conditions perfect for respiratory illnesses return .
japan 's fifth-ranked carmaker mazda said thursday its group net profit in the first half to september doubled to ##.## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- from a year earlier on strong sales in europe and china and continued cost-cutting .
the confirmed death toll from a flash flood blamed on illegal logging in indonesia 's north sumatra province stands at ### while ### people are still missing and feared dead , a rescue official said thursday .
south korea 's central bank said thursday it kept its key interest rate target for november steady for a fourth consecutive month despite growing calls for higher rates to curb soaring property prices .
australian brewer foster 's group ltd. announced plans for a share buy-back thursday , ending speculation it was planning a bid for troubled winemaker southcorp .
two people were killed and five others injured by a car bomb n explosion in ufa , the capital of the russian republic of bashkortostan in the urals , the interfax news agency reported thursday .
china and india will hold their first-ever joint naval exercises off shanghai on november ## in a sign that frosty bilateral ties are warming , senior indian officials said thursday .
malaysia 's new prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi was urged thursday to prove his commitment to human rights by allowing an activist facing a jail sentence to travel abroad .
korea exchange bank 's labor union threatend action thursday after accusing the bank 's new owner , us investment fund lone star , of staging a boardroom coup by sacking top executives .
south korea 's central bank said thursday it kept its key interest rate target for november steady for a fourth consecutive month despite growing calls for higher rates to curb soaring property prices .
taiwan president chen shui-bian for the first time leads popular support among candidates for next year 's presidential election following his high-profile trip to the united states and panama , a poll released thursday showed .
leading chinese dissident and democracy activist he <unk> was sentenced thursday to eight years in jail in a hearing marked by defiant remarks against the state , his wife said .
china has sentenced five people -- including a retired senior engineer -- to between three and eight years in jail for funding and promoting the banned falungong spiritual group , state media said thursday .
malaysia , which strictly censors foreign movies and books , has decided to ban tomes with `` ghostly '' tales and those touching on the supernatural , reports said thursday .
oil prices were lower in asian trade thursday after sharp gains overnight following mixed us crude inventory data , dealers said .
united nations rights envoy to myanmar paulo sergio pinheiro thursday met leaders of the opposition national league for democracy -lrb- nld -rrb- who have been under house arrest since may , a un official said .
the indonesian government is to sell ## percent of the state gas firm through an initial public offering next month as part of its major privatisation program , the company said thursday .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent lower in morning trade on thursday as investors opted to take profits in the absence of any fresh leads locally or overseas , dealers said .
american chanda rubin opened the # million-dollar wta tour championships with a three-set victory over france 's amelie mauresmo here on wednesday .
two people were killed and three others injured by a car bomb in ufa , the capital of the russian republic of bashkortostan in the urals , local police said thursday .
england 's darren manning will replace the late tony renna as a driver for car owner chip ganassi in the indy racing league next season .
workers shut down south korea 's largest automaker <unk> motor on thursday , joining a half-day nationwide strike to fight the government 's labor policy .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday as investors marked time by taking some profits after recent gains , dealers said .
the dollar firmed against the yen thursday on the back of a brighter outlook for the us economy , but market players were sidelined ahead of us job data due out friday , dealers said .
the philippine government is sticking to its economic targets this year and the next despite the shaky political environment ahead of the may #### elections , central bank governor rafael buenaventura said thursday .
north and south korea agreed thursday to build a permanent center for reunions of families separated by the division of the korean peninsula more than half a century ago , officials said .
cincinnati reds outfielder dernell stenson was found dead in chandler , arizona wednesday after apparently being shot and run over by a vehicle , police said .
education minister trevor mallard was due to go on a media offensive later thursday following criticism from china about new zealands billion-dollar education business .
australian shares closed flat thursday as losses among the banks following an interest rate hike offset gains by market heavyweight news corp on the back of strong first-quarter results , dealers said .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday , undercut by australian interest rate rises , dealers said .
two chinese airlines said thursday they plan to buy ## boeing ###s as part of a major order from the us manufacturer set to be signed next month when premier wen jiabao visits the united states .
only four teams were represented wednesday when the national league gold glove award winners were announced .
australian popstar holly valance was ordered to pay ###,### dollars -lrb- ###,### us -rrb- thursday to the manager she sacked when her career took off .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday , undercut by an australian interest rate hike , dealers said .
singapore telecommunications -lrb- singtel -rrb- said thursday its cable subsidiary c#c is not headed for liquidation amid ongoing talks with lenders to restructure a ###-million-us-dollar financing facility .
the wallabies are feeling the heat and agree with australian rugby union chief john o'neill that it 's time for them to deliver at the rugby world cup .
personal computer sales in the asia-pacific rose ## percent on the year to #.# million units in the september quarter , technology research firm gartner said thursday .
taiwan share prices closed down #.# percent in active trade thursday amid a late sell-off triggered by concerns about a possible tightening of monetary policy internationally , dealers said .
the battle between rookies lebron james and carmelo anthony went in favor of an ohio native .
bhutan 's tiny state-run carrier druk air will start direct flights from the buddhist kingdom to bodhgaya , the indian city where the buddha reached enlightenment ## centuries ago , state press said thursday .
japanese share prices closed down #.## percent on thursday , led by profit-taking in the banking and other domestic <unk> sectors , dealers said .
australian shares closed flat thursday as losses among the banks following an interest rate hike offset gains by market heavyweight news corp on the back of strong first-quarter results , dealers said .
an iranian asylum seeker whose wife died in last year 's bali bombings gained permanent residency in australia thursday , a few weeks after his children were photographed with prime minister john howard at a commemoration of the blasts .
hundreds of indonesian local leaders will be directly elected for the first time next year under proposed changes to a sweeping autonomy law , an official said thursday .
japan 's biggest heavy machinery maker mitsubishi heavy said thursday it plunged into the red in the first half to losses resulting from the rising yen .
taiwan share prices closed down #.# percent in active trade thursday after a late sell-off triggered by concerns about a possible tightening of monetary policy internationally , dealers said .
<unk> rockers the rolling stones thursday denied any part in an on-again , off-again saga that had hong kong guessing whether or not mick jagger and co. would play in the territory , a band official said .
nathan hines does not disguise his allegiances since switching from australia to play rugby for scotland .
asian champions china stretched their match-winning streak to five in a row by beating european champions poland in three sets in the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on thursday .
australia defended its tough response to a tiny indonesian boat and its cargo of ## kurdish asylum seekers thursday , as the un insisted they were canberra 's responsibility and demanded to know its plans for them .
evidence used in a chinese court to jail property lawyer zheng enchong for passing state secrets to foreigners were communiques to human rights in china -lrb- hric -rrb- , the group said thursday .
the trial of four rwandan former ministers on genocide charges opened thursday at the un tribunal trying alleged masterminds of the #### ethnic massacres in the central african country .
a palestinian woman was shot dead thursday when she was hit by a bullet in the neck during an early morning israeli army raid in the northern west bank city of nablus , according to palestinan medical and security sources .
taro akebono , japan 's first foreign-born sumo grand champion , has resigned from the traditional world of the national sport , with local media expecting him to become a fighter in a <unk> combat sport .
slovakia inaugurated an economic and culture office in taiwan on thursday , the foreign ministry said .
police in east china 's shandong province have launched a manhunt , vowing to track down residents who trashed government offices in a rare riot involving thousands of people , sources said thursday .
the luxury british cruise ship stricken by a highly contagious stomach virus docked thursday morning in the southern english port of southampton , the ship 's owners said .
saudi security forces shot dead a `` terrorist '' during a shootout with militants in riyadh early thursday which left eight policemen slightly wounded , the interior ministry said .
indian soldiers shot dead three islamic militants in kashmir where the provincial government appealed to new delhi not to withdraw troops fighting the insurgency , officials said thursday .
bmw , the german maker of luxury cars , said thursday that earnings improved in the third quarter of the current year , driven by higher unit sales .
palestinian activist hanan ashrawi was set to receive australia 's major peace prize thursday in the shadow of a row over the award , as prime minister john howard said he did not think she deserved it .
chinese shares closed #.## percent lower thursday as investors locked in profits from blue chips due to a lack of follow-through buying after recent gains , dealers said .
the trial of four rwandan former ministers on genocide charges opened thursday at the un tribunal trying alleged masterminds of the #### ethnic massacres in the central african country .
the french insurance group agf , a subsidiary of the german giant allianz , said thursday that sales in the first nine months of the year had risen by #.# percent from the same period a year earlier .
six more separatist rebels have been killed in indonesia 's aceh , the military said thursday , as the government prepared to announce an extension of martial law in the war-torn province .
sri lanka 's government thursday demanded the immediate restoration of three ministers sacked by president chandrika kumaratunga in a showdown with the rival prime minister .
four hundred primary school children were hospitalised with food poisoning in southern vietnam after drinking milk and eating biscuits provided by their schools , officials said thursday .
world no. # kim clijsters launched her defense of the wta tour championships crown with a quick #-# , #-# victory over russian elena dementieva on wednesday .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra said thursday he expects to announce a major cabinet reshuffle this weekend , a move that will bring in new political faces and could see a coalition party ousted .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday as investors opted to take profits as investors waited to see whether britian will follow australia in raising interest rates , signalling a turn in the business cycle , dealers said .
twenty-one people were killed in a fire thursday at a house on an eastern indian tea plantation in suspected arson , the press trust of india reported quoting police .
workers shut down south korea 's largest automaker h activists committed suicide last month to protest against new laws aimed at curbing union power and giving employers more freedom to hire and fire .
national police chief general da'i bachtiar confirmed thursday that us security experts are training a crack indonesian police squad to lead the country 's fight against terrorism .
hyundai group chairwoman hyun jung-eun vowed thursday to keep control of what was once south korea 's largest conglomerate against any hostile takeover bid .
a russian man was sentenced to death and his two accomplices given long jail terms for their roles in a deadly bank heist last year in the thai resort town of pattaya , court officials said thursday .
outfielder park <unk> opened the scoring and added another run to help south korea beat china #-# and clinch their first win in the asian baseball championships here on thursday .
a nigerian appeals court has rejected a bail request by a senator detained over his alleged involvement in the murder of former justice minister bola ige , court officials said thursday .
french industry is recovering , the official statistics body insee said in a quarterly report on friday .
a top taiwan economic think tank on thursday said it has trimmed its #### gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- growth forecast to #.## percent from the previous estimate of #.## percent due to the sars outbreak .
the german pharmaceuticals specialist altana said thursday its earnings fell in the third quarter on the back of the weak dollar , the sluggish economy and changes in health policy .
one person was killed and ## seriously injured in northern switzerland on thursday in a pile-up involving more than ## vehicles on a fog-bound motorway , swiss police said .
twenty-one tea plantation workers and their relatives were burned to death thursday in eastern india in a suspected arson attack over a labor dispute , police said .
pakistani president pervez musharraf will visit turkey in january , a senior official said wednesday .
workers shut down south korea 's largest auto manufacturer hyundai motor on thursday , joining a half-day nationwide strike to fight the government 's labor policy .
james murdoch , who faces serious investor skepticism after he was picked as chief executive of british pay-tv giant bskyb , thursday dodged questions about his new job while attending an event in china .
the un special envoy to myanmar , razali ismail , thursday rejected a call in the united states congress for him to quit over a perceived lack of success in pushing the military government towards democracy .
indonesia thursday announced plans to replant hundreds of thousands of hectares of forests nationwide after a flood disaster blamed on illegal logging killed an estimated ### or more people .
jordan 's king abdullah ii will visit kuwait next tuesday for talks with senior officials on the situation in iraq as well as bilateral relations , a court official said .
the special un envoy for the humanitarian crisis in the horn of africa martti ahtisaari arrived in ethiopia to review the situation in the drought-affected region .
japan 's biggest heavy machinery maker mitsubishi heavy said thursday it plunged into the red in the first half as a stronger yen hit earnings .
hong kong retail sales in september fell #.# percent to ##.# billion hong kong dollars -lrb- #.## billion us dollars -rrb- due to a slowdown in <unk> arrivals , particularly from china , the government said on thursday .
honiara , nov # -lrb- afp -rrb- a frenchman holidaying in the solomon islands was found guilty thursday of having sex with a teenage boy , as well as other sex offences with another boy .
bargain hunters helped save sri lanka 's tiny stock exchange from going through the floor as the country reeled under an unprecedented political crisis between the president and prime minister .
a somali with canadian citizenship attending somalia 's ongoing peace talks was thursday found dead in a restaurant near the venue of the meeting in the kenyan capital , an afp reporter who saw the body reported .
evidence used in a chinese court to jail property lawyer zheng enchong for passing state secrets to foreigners were communiques to human rights in china -lrb- hric -rrb- , the group said thursday .
a ##-year old finnish woman was sent to hospital with light injuries after the battery of her nokia mobile phone exploded , finnish press reported on thursday .
united nations rights envoy paulo sergio pinheiro met thursday with myanmar 's pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi who is under house arrest after being taken into custody in may , witnesses said .
india 's captain rahul dravid won the toss and elected to bat against new zealand in the limited-overs international at the barabati stadium here on thursday .
degussa , the world 's leading maker of specialty chemicals , said thursday it booked a bottom-line loss in the third quarter and would be in the red for the whole of #### after making a substantial writedown in its fine chemicals division .
australian test opener justin langer recaptured his form with an unconquered ## here thursday on the third day of a four-day sheffield shield clash against new south wales .
united nations rights envoy paulo sergio pinheiro met thursday with myanmar 's pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi who is under house arrest after being taken into custody in may , witnesses said .
chinese shares closed #.## percent lower thursday as investors locked in profits made on the blue chips over the past few sessions as follow-through support for recent gains failed to materialise , dealers said .
the indonesian government said thursday it would extend martial law in the war-torn aceh province for a further six months after the current six-month period of military rule ends on november ## .
australian anti-immigration activist pauline hanson said thursday she was a wiser person after ## weeks in prison and said her experience had changed her views on jail .
the number of people looking for work in germany fell for third consecutive month in october , but still largely as a result of the effects of the government 's labor market reforms rather than any fundamental turnaround in unemployment , official data showed on thursday .
british pubs owner punch taverns said thursday it had agreed to buy independent rival <unk> in a deal worth about #.# billion pounds -lrb- #.# billion euros , #.# billion dollars -rrb- .
a freak accident has delayed the start of the third day of play in the first of two cricket test matches here between zimbabwe and the west indies .
un rights envoy paulo sergio pinheiro met thursday with myanmar 's democracy leader aung san suu kyi , after coming under fire from the us congress for failing to achieve reforms in the military-run state .
china has dispatched an envoy to washington as it seeks to fix dates for a next round of six-party talks on the north korean nuclear crisis , the foreign ministry said thursday .
north korea on thursday threatened to seize an international consortium 's assets if the us-led group suspends a nuclear power project in the communist state without compensation , state media said .
the european central bank 's policy-setting governing council sat down thursday to its first meeting under the presidency of jean-claude trichet , who took over from wim duisenberg as the bank 's new chief at the weekend .
palestinian finance minister salam fayad said thursday that a caretaker government announced by yasser arafat amid a continuing dispute with his prime minister , ahmed qorei , was illegal .
french group lagardere said thursday that nine-month sales had fallen because of a fall in figures flowing from its stake in european aero group eads and because it had separated matra automobile accounts .
poland said on thursday it had growing support for its position on voting rights in talks on a european union constitution .
indonesian shares closed #.## percent lower thursday with sentiment partly dampened by lingering concerns over the loan fraud at the country 's second largest bank , bank negara indonesia , dealers said .
the british luxury cruise ship aurora returned to its home port on thursday at the end of a nightmare cruise during which hundreds of passengers became ill from a severe stomach virus and were caught in a diplomatic spat between madrid and london .
russia 's orthodox church hopes president vladimir putin 's meeting with pope john paul ii will herald a change in its frosty relations with the vatican , a church spokesman told the interfax news agency on thursday .
british airports operator baa reported thursday a one-percent rise in quarterly pre-tax profits as passengers growth picked up in the wake of the war in iraq and sars virus .
the international rating agency standard and poor 's said thursday that it could revise downward its rating on russia 's sovereign debt because of the yukos case .
tui , the world 's leading travel and tourism group , said thursday that germans seem to have got their travel bug back with bookings for the winter season currently up #.# percent over last year 's levels .
beijing city authorities began a campaign to rectify property development policies thursday that have destroyed old homes and forced the relocation of some #.# million people since #### , state press said .
malaysian share prices closed down #.## percent thursday but were off the intraday low after some buying support emerged in late trade , dealers said .
vietnam lashed out thursday at a resolution introduced into the us congress that accuses the communist regime of presiding over `` egregious '' abuses of religious freedom .
seven people were executed by firing squad early thursday in the chadian capital ndjamena in the first application of capital punishment in the desert country since #### .
bmw ag said thursday it aims to substantially boost sales of its prestigious brand of motorcycles in china , currently the world 's largest motorbike producer .
china 's largest non-life insurer picc property and casualty soared ## percent on its hong kong stock exchange debut thursday , bucking a sharp downturn in the broader market .
malaysian share prices closed down #.## percent thursday but were off the intraday low after some buying support emerged in late trade , dealers said .
north korea on thursday threatened to seize an international consortium 's assets if the us-led group suspends a nuclear power project in the communist state without compensation .
thai share prices shed #.## percent thursday due to profit-taking and in line with regional losses , dealers said .
the philippines on thursday struck out at allies australia and the united states for what it calls unwarranted advisories that warn against likely terrorist attacks against their citizens here .
the european aerospace giant eads , heavily committed to a superjumbo airliner , exuded confidence on thursday in reporting a loss owing to development costs and the effect of the sars scare on airbus deliveries .
australian right-wing firebrand pauline hanson said jail had made her rethink her hardline views thursday after an australian court quashed her conviction for electoral fraud and ordered her freed .
an eu-russia summit between russian president vladimir putin , european commission president romano prodi and prime minister silvio berlusconi of current eu president italy got underway at a renaissance villa outside rome thursday .
four members of a family in southern nepal committed suicide because they could not pay a ### us dollar debt , a police source said thursday .
education minister trevor mallard will go on nationwide chinese television saturday in a media offensive designed to try and save new zealand 's billion dollar education business .
seven people were executed by firing squad early thursday in the chadian capital ndjamena in the first application of capital punishment in the desert country since #### .
former wimbledon and norwich city striker john fashanu has been suspended from the board of the nigeria football association because of `` conduct inconsistent with the status of a board member '' , officials told afp thursday .
us investment fund carlyle group confirmed thursday its intention to sell off its controlling stake in koram bank , south korea 's sixth largest lender , a news report here said .
bmw , the german maker of luxury cars , said thursday that earnings improved in the third quarter of the current year , driven by higher unit sales , and it expected to be able to meet its full-year earnings targets .
an iraqi interpreter working for us forces was wounded thursday when assailants fired at a checkpoint manned by coalition soldiers and iraqi police in northern iraq , police said .
rubber futures prices in singapore were lower thursday on smaller volumes , dealers said .
australian pace bowler jason gillespie is working towards being fit to take on india 's batsmen in next month 's first cricket test in brisbane , but he is taking nothing for granted .
prosecutors facing a friday deadline in the investigation into the killing of sweden 's foreign minister anna lindh were on wednesday given two more weeks to bring formal charges against a jailed suspect .
indonesian shares closed #.## percent lower thursday with sentiment partly dampened by lingering concerns over the loan fraud at the country 's second largest bank , bank negara indonesia , dealers said .
pakistani selectors thursday left out experienced wicketkeepers rashid latif and moin khan from a list of ## probables for the one-day series against new zealand starting later this month .
police have arrested ## illegal immigrants claiming to be from kashmir overnight after they arrived by boat at a greek island , officials said thursday .
the indonesian government said thursday it would extend martial law in war-torn aceh province for another six months but promised that its war against separatist rebels would be `` improved and sharpened .
this year 's peace nobel prize winner , iranian lawyer shirin ebadi , was given a bodyguard and a car by iran 's interior ministry to protect her against death threats , a spokesman for her rights groups said thursday .
indian stocks fell #.## percent thursday in volatile trading despite sporadic , stock-specific buying , dealers said .
an egyptian police patrol has foiled an attempt to smuggle weapons and ammunition across the border to palestinians in the gaza strip , a source close to the border guards said thursday .
prosecutors facing a friday deadline in the investigation into the killing of sweden 's foreign minister anna lindh were on thursday given two more weeks to bring formal charges against a jailed suspect .
disgraced ####s rock star gary glitter , who was convicted on child pornography charges in britain , has left cambodia after returning to the country to fight a deportation order , officials said thursday .
eu competition chief mario monti , who is shortly to announce an much-awaited decision on no-frills carrier ryanair , called thursday for a balance between airline deregulation and the economic need for mergers .
credit risk evaluator fitch ratings on thursday revised <unk> its outlook on vietnam 's long-term foreign and local currency ratings from positive to stable .
world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- experts say three injections out of every four in india and other countries in south asia are made with unsterilised needles , exposing countless people to the risk of hepatitis , hiv and other infections .
iranian national security council chief hasan rohani is to meet the head of the un nuclear agency on saturday in vienna , just days before the watchdog publishes a crucial report on tehran 's nuclear program , officials said thursday .
cigarette giant british american tobacco is selling its stake in a cigarette factory in myanmar following a request from the british government to withdraw because of human rights concerns , it announced on thursday .
followers of norse mythology , who worship viking gods such as odin and thor , were on thursday officially recognized as a religious community in denmark , the ecclesiastical affairs ministry said .
kosovar albanian leaders have welcomed a top us diplomat 's promise to review by #### their progress toward <unk> democracy .
orders placed with companies in the german manufacturing sector rose in september , driven primarily by rising domestic demand for german-made goods , data published by the economics and labor ministry on thursday showed .
spanish foreign minister ana palacio is to head for baghdad at the weekend to assess the security situation there two days after madrid announced it was withdrawing embassy staff , a foreign ministry spokesman said thursday .
south korean unionists clashed with police here thursday as workers shut down the country 's largest carmaker hyundai motor in a half-day nationwide strike against the government 's labor policy .
australian pace bowler jason gillespie is working towards being fit to take on india 's batsmen in next month 's first cricket test in brisbane , but he is taking nothing for granted .
the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- on thursday hailed us support for the war-torn country 's transition to peace after president joseph kabila had a white house meeting with us president george w. bush .
a member of the muslim brotherhood has died as a result of torture at the headquarters of the egyptian state security forces in cairo , the banned but usually tolerated islamist organization said thursday .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday as investors opted to take profits while waiting to see whether britain will follow australia in raising interest rates , signalling a turn in the business cycle , dealers said .
the board of the nigeria football association -lrb- nfa -rrb- said thursday that they will go along with the order by the country 's sports minister not to hire englishman bryan robson to lead them to next year 's african nations cup in tunisia .
seven people were executed by firing squad early thursday in the chadian capital ndjamena in the first application of capital punishment in the desert country since #### .
a german doctor who formerly worked in north korea has snubbed the opportunity to receive a special award from former us president bill clinton at a ceo forum in hong kong thursday .
thai share prices shed #.## percent thursday due to profit-taking and in line with regional losses , dealers said .
charles sobhraj , the notorious killer nicknamed `` the serpent '' for his escapes from the law , appealed thursday for release from jail in nepal where he is charged with killing two tourists in #### .
cigarette giant british american tobacco -lrb- bat -rrb- is pulling out of myanmar following a request by the british government to withdraw due to human rights concerns , it said on thursday .
the pentagon is preparing to rotate its forces in iraq next year , amid plans to cut back us troop numbers to ###,### while iraqi security forces increase in size , senior defense officials said .
german national coach rudi voller has recalled bayer leverkusen defender jens <unk> into his ##-man party for the friendly match with european champions france on november ## at the arena auf schalke .
indonesia announced thursday it would extend martial law and its military offensive against aceh separatist rebels for six months , despite pleas from rights groups for an end to the operation which has cost at least #,### lives since may .
european stock markets lost ground in early trading on thursday as dealers took a cautious stance ahead of interest rates decision by the euro-zone and british central banks , as well as key us data .
israel 's ambassador to berlin , shimon stein , expressed concern thursday about a growing wave of anti-semitic incidents in germany , in an interview with news station <unk> .
asian stock markets fell on thursday as investors became concerned about a possible tightening of monetary policy after an interest rate hike in australia .
iranian national security council chief hasan rohani is to meet the head of the un nuclear agency in vienna on saturday , just days before the watchdog issues a crucial report on tehran 's nuclear program , officials said thursday .
a member of the muslim brotherhood has died as a result of torture at the headquarters of the egyptian state security forces in cairo , the banned but usually tolerated islamist organization said tnt of an islamic state by peaceful means .
armed men attacked a battalion of un peacekeepers overnight in the town of bunia in the northeast of the democratic republic of congo , wounding one soldier , un spokesman leo <unk> said thursday .
malaysia 's new prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi thursday tried to calm a row over remarks by his predecessor , mahathir mohamad , that jews rule the world .
prince felipe de borbon , the ##-year-old heir to the spanish throne , on thursday formally asked for the hand in marriage of television journalist letizia ortiz <unk> , a ##-year-old divorcee .
a chartered us airliner with ### military personnel and civilian crew on board was forced to make an emergency landing in ireland on thursday , a spokeswoman for ireland 's airports authority said .
chief of the general staff of the british army general mike jackson left nepal thursday after a five-day official visit , state-run radio said .
armed men attacked a battalion of un peacekeepers overnight in the town of bunia in the northeast of the democratic republic of congo , wounding one soldier , un spokesman leo <unk> said thursday .
three former generals of iraq 's toppled regime , including the brother of an official wanted by the united states , were arrested this week , their families and neighbors said thursday .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga thursday announced she was taking total control of state-run radio , television and newspapers amid a deepening political crisis but said she will allow media freedom .
indian stocks fell #.## percent thursday in volatile trading despite sporadic , stock-specific buying , dealers said .
some ## iranian asylum seekers on hunger strike in belgium for more than two weeks pledged thursday to `` sacrifice '' themselves to oppose an order for them to be expelled from the country .
hundreds of calcutta schoolchildren thursday toured a collection of mother teresa memorabilia as part of events in the late nun 's adopted city to celebrate her beatification by pope john paul ii .
greece reaffirmed on thursday its satisfaction at comments in a report from the european commission that a resolution of the cyprus question was a major factor in turkey 's bid to join the european union .
the first major trial to see whether cannabis could help sufferers of muscular sclerosis -lrb- ms -rrb- has yielded mixed results , doctors report in saturday 's issue of the british medical weekly the lancet .
some ### researchers from europe and north america will meet in denmark next week for a conference on the co-existence of genetically modified , conventional and organic crops , the danish institute for agricultural sciences said on thursday .
pope john paul ii highlighted ireland 's christian heritage and its `` essential '' role in building a new europe in talks at the vatican on thursday with visiting irish president mary mcaleese .
slovakian inflation increased by #.# percent in october from september , and by #.# percent from the same month a year earlier , the official statistics office said thursday .
david tang , the hong kong tycoon whose china-inspired designs have conquered the west , opened his first boutique in continental europe this week with plans to take his eastern cuts and colors to spain and latin america .
prince felipe de borbon , the ##-year-old heir to the spanish throne , on thursday formally asked for the hand in marriage of television journalist letizia ortiz <unk> , a ##-year-old divorcee .
us civil rights leader reverend jesse jackson on thursday slammed his government 's war on iraq as having `` no moral foundation '' and warned of looming global crises and a cycle of violence brought on by us arrogance .
un rights envoy paulo sergio pinheiro met thursday with myanmar 's democracy leader aung san suu kyi , after coming under fire from the us congress for failing to achieve reforms in the military-run state .
bobby hatfield , the tenor half of the ####s white soul duo the righteous brothers who won fame with their hit `` you 've lost that lovin ' feeling '' , was found dead in a hotel , his manager said late wednesday .
the us-installed governor of najaf resigned thursday , a day after launching a strike to protest the us-led coalition 's failure to provide security in the central city where a judge was shot dead .
michael howard is the new leader of britain 's main opposition conservative party after no one came forward to challenge him in a leadership race , a senior tory member of parliament said thursday .
indonesia announced thursday it would extend martial law and its military offensive against aceh separatist rebels for six months , despite pleas from rights groups for an end to the operation which has cost at least #,### lives since may .
the european commission warned poland thursday against re-opening a `` pandora 's box '' on eu farm aid , after warsaw expressed concerns over proposed terms for the <unk> incoming eu member .
orders placed with companies in the german manufacturing sector rose again in september , after stagnating the previous two months , data showed on thursday , offering further hope that the eurozone 's biggest economy is set for a moderate recovery at the end of this year .
greece urged its neighbor turkey thursday to resume talks on an accord over civilian air traffic services between the two countries ahead of the #### olympic games in athens .
germany cut thursday its tax revenue forecasts for #### and #### by a total of ##.# billion euros due to poor economic growth , the finance ministry said .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga thursday announced she was taking over state-run radio , television and newspapers amid a deepening political crisis , but said she would allow media freedom .
chad on thursday ignored protests from human rights groups and carried out the death penalty for the first time since #### , executing eight people after vowing to crack down on unrest in the impoverished desert state .
united nations police launched a massive search operation in kosovo on thursday to hunt down the murderers of a serb family killed in their home last june , a un official said .
a freak accident which delayed the start of play on the third day in the first of two cricket test matches at the harare sports club on thursday failed to trouble the visiting west indies .
jordanian authorities prevented a weekly newspaper from publishing a caricature of prime minister faisal al-fayez and his new cabinet saying it was offensive , the paper 's staff said thrusday .
uk sport 's anti-doping officials have been accused of putting pressure on a muslim footballer to break his ramadan daytime fast by drinking water to ensure he could provide a urine sample for a routine test .
the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- held its key interest rates steady as expected at its regular monthly policy-setting meeting here on thursday .
india were crowned asian under-## champions thursday after overwhelming sri lanka by eight wickets in the final here .
india 's defense minister george fernandes on thursday promised to step up cooperation with the central asian republic of kyrgyzstan in combating islamic terrorism .
a storyteller has become the story and spaniards , hungry for more glamorous fare than is habitually served up by their political class , are eagerly awaiting the marriage of the couple who will one day rule over them .
euroskeptic michael howard was declared the new head of britain 's main opposition conservative party thursday after no one came forward to challenge him in a leadership race .
germany cut its tax revenue forecasts for #### and #### thursday by a total of ##.# billion euros due to poor economic growth , the finance ministry said .
palestinian activist hanan ashrawi said thursday that attacks on her in australia were worse than any she had received from israelis , as she received australia 's main peace prize from the city of sydney .
iranian national security council chief hasan rohani is to meet the head of the un nuclear agency in vienna on saturday , just days before the watchdog issues a crucial report on tehran 's nuclear program , officials said thursday .
leaders of the mainstream palestinian fatah movement broke up a meeting here thursday without agreement in a dispute that has held up the formation of a new government , sources said .
russia 's embattled yukos oil giant faced a surprise charge thursday -- a regional ministry accused the company of improperly monitoring rabbit <unk> at a siberian farm .
defense lawyers in a namibian treason trial have won permission to scrutinise the personal diary of a policeman who headed investigations marred with claims of irregularities , a newspaper reported thursday .
contrary to popular belief , listening to loud music at rock concerts or on a set of headphones will not make you deaf , a norwegian study published on thursday claimed .
the bosnian serb parliament has launched plans to change the entity 's constitution to pave the way for military reforms demanded by the international community , a parliamentary source said thursday .
real madrid 's brazilian defender roberto carlos will be out of action for up to three weeks with a torn left thigh muscle , club doctors said on thursday .
the number of americans lodging new claims for jobless benefits plummeted unexpectedly last week to a near three-year low , the government said thursday .
euroskeptic michael howard was declared the new leader of britain 's main opposition conservative party thursday after no one came forward to challenge him .
a palestinian woman was handed a life sentence by an <unk> and youths '' during the intifada or uprising that broke out in september #### .
england 's bid to build on last year 's hong kong sevens success with victory in next month 's tournament in dubai , the opening leg of the ####\/## world series , will be led by former england hooker phil greening .
two people arrested in sweden on suspicion of spying on refugees for another country will be deported and no charges will be brought against them , swedish chief prosecutor tomas lindstrand told afp on thursday .
brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva on thursday pledged immediate support to mozambique to combat aids , which has reached epidemic levels in the southeast african country .
the ruling and opposition forces in the breakaway turkish statelet in long-divided cyprus are set for a fierce clash in crucial elections in december , according to a public opinion poll published here thursday .
us businesses fired up productivity , or output per hour worked , to a roaring annual pace of #.# percent in the third quarter of #### , the government said thursday .
yemen 's president ali abdullah saleh urged germany to free two yemenis it has been holding since january for alleged links to osama bin laden 's al-qaeda terror network .
the transitional parliament in the central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- has rejected the government 's policy agenda , calling for a `` clear and precise '' program leading to elections in the coup-prone country .
taiwanese president chen shui-bian on thursday concluded what he called a successful trip to panama and the united states over the past week .
irish middle distance star sonia o'sullivan will attempt to add a european cross country title to her long list of honors here on december ## , organisers confirmed on thursday .
the genocide trial of four rwandan former ministers opened thursday at the un tribunal trying alleged ringleaders of the #### ethnic massacres in the central african country .
bundesliga pacesetters vfb stuttgart have lost the services of midfielder michael <unk> until #### .
australian olympic gold medallist cathy freeman has set her sights on new goals -- including flying a helicopter .
nepal 's maoist rebels said thursday they would resist a government plan to hold local council elections .
an egyptian government newspaper on thursday urged the arabs to take advantage of european opinion after a poll showed that europeans believed israel was the biggest threat to world peace .
seven members of the same family were burned to death in an indian village in a fight apparently over a goat , police said thursday .
princess caroline of monaco , a long-time target of the paparazzi , took her fight to ban german magazines from using pictures of her and her children to the european court of human rights on thursday .
the us-installed governor of najaf resigned thursday , a day after launching a strike to protest the us-led coalition 's failure to provide security in the central city where a judge was shot dead .
the us-led coalition said thursday that two more american soldiers were killed in iraq while an attack on a convoy claimed the first polish fatality as strikes on coalition troops showed no sign of abating .
russia and the european union said on thursday they had substantially strengthened ties at an `` intensive and productive '' summit in rome .
us authorities have refused to allow a german court to question a second suspected al-qaeda member in the trial of a man accused over the september ## , #### attacks , the chief judge said thursday .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga thursday spoke to indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee over the telephone to brief him about the recent developments in her country , official sources said .
inflation in the ##-country eurozone is not expected to come down as quickly as first thought in the immediate term , even if the medium term outlook for price stability in the region remains favourable , the european central bank said thursday .
us stocks opened mixed thursday as strong results from cisco systems lifted the tech sector , but news about an improving us labor market was not enough to shake off lingering weakness in the market .
liberian leader gyude bryant paid a state visit to neighboring sierra leone on thursday to continue a peace initiative for the mano river region joining the two countries with guinea .
princess caroline of monaco , a long-time target of the paparazzi , took her fight to ban german magazines from using pictures of her and her children to the european court of human rights on thursday .
the serbian opposition thursday refused a government offer to end a marathon no-confidence debate and vote on the motion immediately , tanjug news agency reported .
nineteen tea plantation workers and their relatives were burned to death thursday in eastern india in a suspected arson attack over a labor dispute , police said .
austrian airlines reported a pre-tax loss thursday of ## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in the first nine months of the year , which the company blamed on an overall economic downturn , the war in iraq and the impact of the sars epidemic .
lawyers for ex-president frederick chiluba , on trial for corruption , argued thursday that he still enjoys immunity from prosecution , delaying the case for the third time in a week .
real madrid manager carlos queiroz has revealed that the spanish champions will not sign a defensive pillar until next season insisting that the defensive holes must be plugged by the team as a whole .
the head of switzerland 's main telecommunications operator , swisscom , reiterated thursday that he was still interested in buying telekom austria but the price demanded by the austrian government was too high .
organisers of the <unk> on thursday announced the names of the finalists for africa 's most prestigious music awards , but fended off criticism for again staging the spectacular showcase in south africa .
former gaelic footballer brian carney has been named in the great britain team to face australia in the first match of a three-test rugby league series on saturday .
more than ### kurds in southeast turkey have signed up for what is to be one of the country 's first kurdish-language teaching centers , but red-tape is still blocking the opening of the school , its owner said thursday .
the swedish government is considering a total ban on the use of mercury , a heavy metal which has long been considered a health hazard , the environment ministry said on thursday .
jordan 's king abdullah ii and queen rania left amman on thursday for a three-day visit to britain , the royal palace said .
the united nations development programme -lrb- undp -rrb- on thursday launched a four-year ### million dollar development strategy for kenya to fund agriculture , environment , health and governance projects .
real madrid midfielder guti , striker raul bravo and deportivo la coruna defender cesar martin have been called up by spanish coach inaki saez for their european championship first leg playoff against norway on november ## in valencia .
hundreds of turkish students protesting about state control over the country 's universities clashed thursday with riot police in istanbul and the capital , ankara , leaving at least ## people injured .
german media giant bertelsmann announced thursday that it and japanese electronics group sony have agreed to merge their music businesses in a joint venture .
chelsea midfielder claude makelele returns to european champions france 's lineup for a euro #### warm-up friendly against germany on november ## in gelsenkirchen .
russian president vladimir putin said after an eu-russia summit here thursday he would not give in to `` any blackmail '' over the yukos affair and committed himself to bringing financial order to the country .
us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said thursday the odds now favor a revival in the hard-hit jobs market , removing a major risk to future economic growth .
deputy secretary of state richard armitage was due to leave washington thursday on a trip scheduled to take him to egypt , saudi arabia and iraq , the state department said .
german media giant bertelsmann announced thursday that it had agreed with japanese electronics group sony to merge their music businesses in a joint venture .
anti-semitism that is rife in the islamic world today is comparable to the anti-semitism of the nazi era , a roman catholic cardinal said thursday .
david tang , the hong kong tycoon whose china-inspired designs have conquered the west , opened his first boutique in continental europe this week with plans to take his eastern cuts and colors to spain and latin america .
mohamed khouna ould haidallah , a leading opposition candidate in mauritania 's presidential election , was arrested thursday on the eve of the vote , his spokesman said .
the egyptian authorities have banned the us box office comic hit `` bruce almighty '' for undermining muslim and other religious values .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi accused the european media on thursday of `` telling tales '' about the situation in the war-torn russian republic of chechnya .
greece said thursday it will move army units posted on the frontier with former soviet bloc countries to its border with longtime rival turkey as part of plans to streamline the military .
us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said thursday the odds now favor a revival in longed-for us jobs , removing a major impediment to the economic recovery .
bulgaria responded with content thursday to an eu report on its progress towards joining the european union , but the media expressed concern that setbacks in neighboring romania could hinder the two countries ' #### membership .
a turkish military plane crashed during a training flight in the north of the country on thursday , but the pilot survived the accident , the turkish general staff said .
the lawyers of an ivory coast police officer , charged with killing a french radio journalist , on thursday called for his body to be brought back from france to shed light on the case .
mohamed khouna ould haidallah , a leading opposition candidate in mauritania 's presidential election , was arrested thursday on the eve of the vote , his spokesman said .
a member of the muslim brotherhood has died as a result of torture at the headquarters of the egyptian state security forces in cairo , the banned but usually tolerated islamist organization said thursday .
england skipper david beckham said thursday he believed he had proved a thing or two three months after swapping the red of manchester united for the white of real madrid - and lauded the talent of england colleague and liverpool star michael owen , reputedly a real target .
a french army helicopter crashed thursday near the <unk> military base in the southwest of the country , killing the pilot and three civilian personnel , the army announced in a statement .
prisoners in irish jails or in police cells are to be exempt from a controversial ban on smoking in public places due to be introduced in january , a health ministry spokesman said on thursday .
greeks are massively opposed to any substantial immigration into their country , according to a poll published thursday in greek newspapers .
the canadian who was held in saudi arabia for two and a half years and sentenced to death by beheading , before being released , lambasted the canadian government thursday for the way he and his family were treated during his incarceration .
russian premier league club dynamo moscow announced thursday that they have appointed czech football specialist jan <unk> as their new coach .
<unk> explorer dominick arduin on thursday launched her second bid to become the first woman to reach the geographical north pole alone , a <unk> -lrb- ###-mile -rrb- trek she reckons will take two months .
a british soldier was killed thursday in a road accident in basra in british-controlled southern iraq , the ministry of defense in london said .
the irish government wants tough eu action to stop more former united states navy ships contaminated with toxic materials being transported across the atlantic for scrapping , ireland 's marine minister dermot ahern said on thursday .
bobby hatfield , one half of the righteous brothers duo behind the international hit `` you 've lost that lovin ' feelin '' , has died at the age of ## , authorities said thursday .
algerian security forces have killed six armed islamists in the mountainous <unk> region near <unk> , ### kilometers -lrb- ### miles -rrb- west of the capital , the forces said thursday .
the portuguese parliament approved the first reading thursday of a #### budget that slashes corporate taxes even as it aims to keep the public deficit blow a limit of three percent of output imposed on nations using the euro currency .
leaders of the mainstream palestinian fatah movement broke up a meeting here thursday without agreement in a dispute that has held up the formation of a new government , sources said .
the director of the us federal bureau of investigation -lrb- fbi -rrb- robert mueller will arrive in athens late thursday to discuss security for the #### olympics , sources at the us embassy said .
more than ### kurds in southeast turkey have signed up for what is to be one of the country 's first kurdish-language teaching centers , but red-tape is still blocking the opening of the school , its owner said thursday .
the un general assembly 's legal committee on thursday voted to delay a decision for two years on whether to ban human cloning for medical research , in a tight ##-## vote .
the us-installed governor of najaf resigned thursday , a day after launching a strike to protest the us-led coalition 's failure to provide security in the central city where a judge was shot dead .
the new european central bank president jean-claude trichet called thursday for strict adherence to the eu 's stability pact , which was at a `` critical point '' as key eurozone members flagrantly flout its rules .
a female camel that recently won a race in the united arab emirates was sold for ###,### dollars , the official ona news agency reported thursday .
wall street shares retreated thursday as investors remained in a consolidation phase , unmoved by strong news from the labor front and upbeat results from tech bellwether cisco systems .
pakistan has asked the british government to clarify media reports that its intelligence agency mi# had bugged the pakistani mission in london , officials said thursday .
the un general assembly on thursday opted to delay a decision for two years on whether to ban human cloning for medical research in a ##-## vote .
the international court of justice on thursday rejected compensation claims by arch foes iran and the united states for attacks during the ####-## iran-iraq war , when the us was allied with iraq .
european stock markets drifted higher thursday , with the london ftse ### index rising #.## percent to #,###.# .
spanish police said thursday they had arrested a briton in the southern town of <unk> de la torre following the discovery of a <unk> -lrb- #,###-pound -rrb- hashish haul .
defender john o'shea believes that if manchester united and irish international teammate roy keane had still been playing for the republic of ireland they would have qualified for the european championship finals .
russian president vladimir putin lashed out on thursday at a western reporter he once told to get circumcised , accusing him this time of taking money to ask a question about the yukos scandal .
the portuguese parliament approved the first reading thursday of a #### budget that slashes corporate taxes even as it aims to keep the public deficit below a limit of three percent of output imposed on nations using the euro currency .
oil prices dropped slightly on thursday as markets settled down somewhat in the wake of the previous day 's steep rises due to unexpected falls in us energy stockpiles .
pakistan 's foreign minister on thursday condemned israel 's decision to sell airborne radar systems to india , saying it would destabilise both the middle east and southern asia and warning islambad would respond in kind .
democratic presidential candidate wesley clark on thursday called for a radical change in us policy in iraq that would leave an international organization in charge .
the netherlands warned croatia on thursday that full cooperation with the united nations war crimes tribunal is a key condition for zagreb 's future membership of the european union and nato .
spanish giants barcelona have issued an ultimatum to unsettled dutch international patrick kluivert to prove himself at the nou camp before they decide whether to sell him .
the international court of justice on thursday rejected claims by arch foes iran and the united states to be compensated for attacks during the ####-## iran-iraq war , when the us was allied with iraq .
the united states has warned ##,### combat troops that they will be deploying to iraq early next year and alerted ##,### national guard and reserves that they may be mobilized as part a rotation of forces , defense secretary donald rumsfeld said thursday .
french carmaker renault said thursday its japanese partner nissan motor company would contribute ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- to its net profit in the second half of the year .
the competition may bear his name but seve ballesteros made a losing start to the seve trophy on thursday as great britain and ireland took a #.#-# .# lead over continental europe on day one on thursday .
a budapest appeals court on thursday acquitted a leading hungarian far-right politician of anti-semitism , overturning his ##-month suspended sentence .
wales have received a boost ahead of their two-legged euro #### play-off against russia with the news that robbie savage has fully recovered from a recurring achilles problem .
a nasa report released thursday details how the space agency has gone out on a limb to try to guarantee safety on the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- , on the heels of the columbia shuttle disaster .
the international monetary fund on thursday hailed its own new deal with brazil a day after unveiling a ##-billion-dollar deal which included six billion dollars of fresh loans .
weeks before an invasion by a us-led force , saddam hussein tried to secure a deal with washington to avoid his downfall , us media have reported .
the top international representative in bosnia , paddy ashdown , warned thursday he would prevent an increase in public spending announced by bosnian serbs in order to save the impoverished balkan country from losing the support of the world 's leading monetary institutions .
the top international representative in bosnia warned thursday he would stop an increase in public spending by bosnian serbs to prevent the country losing the support of the world 's monetary institutions .
graduates from a police academy in the town of ramadi received their diplomas thursday , at a time when the governing coalition has vowed to speed up the transfer of authority to iraqi security forces .
the dollar notched up small gains against the euro here thursday in response to positive job claim data from the united states ahead of friday 's all-important unemployment figures for october .
us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said thursday the odds now favor a revival in longed-for us jobs , removing a major impediment to sustained economic expansion .
european stock markets drifted higher thursday as investors took comfort in better-than-expected us economic data but shrugged off interest rate decisions in europe .
the namibia farmworkers union on thursday called off plans to move onto white-owned commercial farms next week in the southern african country .
armed men attacked a battalion of united nations peacekeepers overnight in the northeastern democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- , wounding one soldier , un spokesman leo <unk> said on thursday .
the chief negotiator leading deadlocked negotiations on liberalising the global trade in farm products said thursday that he was standing down in an attempt to give fresh impetus to the controversial talks at the world trade organisation .
un secretary general kofi annan on thursday welcomed a decision by west african leaders to meet in ghana next week to discuss ways to revive the faltering peace process in the ivory coast .
two aborigine women whose people were contaminated by radiation from an atomic bomb detonated in southern australia in #### will join a german anti-nuclear protest next week , organisers said thursday .
bernd stange , who coaches the iraqi football team , called thursday on the us-led coalition to support the sport , saying the players needed proper facilities and money .
us jobs growth will likely accelerate in the next three to six months as the economy expands , senior federal reserve policymaker ben bernanke said thursday .
a member of the muslim brotherhood has died as a result of torture at the headquarters of the egyptian state security forces in cairo , the banned but usually tolerated islamist organization said thursday .
craig mcmillan and scott styris guided new zealand to a vital four-wicket win over india with impressive half-centuries in a triangular one-day series match here on thursday .
the namibia farmworkers union on thursday called off plans to move onto white-owned commercial farms next week in the southern african country .
britain 's prince charles is expected to meet with oman 's top muslim authority in an effort to promote dialogue between the west and islam , his spokesman said thursday .
us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said thursday the odds now favor a revival in longed-for american jobs , removing a major impediment to sustained economic expansion .
about ## us members of the house of representatives on thursday introduced a bill that would outlaw the abortion pill ru-### , which they believe was to blame for the death of a young california woman .
spain is not planning to withdraw its troops or its diplomatic staff from iraq despite fears about security in the war-torn country , spanish prime minister jose maria aznar said thursday .
anastasia myskina and elena dementieva , ranked eighth and ninth in the wta rankings respectively , were named thursday by russian skipper shamil tarpishchev in the fed cup team for the november ##-## semi-final against france here .
britain put its name thursday to an international agreement to declare the wreck of the titanic a permanent memorial to the more than #,### who perished when the supposedly unsinkable liner went down in #### .
a dutch court thursday upheld a ban on any dutch publication of a russian children 's series accused of plagiarizing the harry potter books , the anp news agency said .
at least ### gay couples have tied the knot in belgium since the start of june when the country passed legislation allowing same-sex marriages , a homosexual group said thursday .
mauritanian presidential candidate mohamed khouna ould haidallah and five of his associates , detained thursday afternoon , are suspected of plotting a violent coup , the state prosecutor said .
german-canadian arms dealer karlheinz schreiber will be allowed to reopen his extradition case , based on new evidence that challenges germany 's extradition charges , a judge ruled thursday .
france and russia will sign an agreement friday allowing russian soyuz rockets to blast off from the european space center in kourou , french guiana , officials said thursday .
us president george w. bush on thursday signed an ##.# billion dollar emergency spending package for iraq and afghanistan , praising the aid as `` a critical financial commitment '' to the war on terrorism .
a special french court on thursday dismissed a case against former socialist health minister claude evin , who stood accused of wrongdoing in a tainted blood scandal that rocked france in the mid-####s .
a rogue protein implicated in the degenerative brain disorder creutzfeldt-jakob disease -lrb- cjd -rrb- has for the first time been found in muscle tissue , swiss scientists say .
all international un staff have left baghdad following a pullout ordered last month by un secretary general kofi annan , a un spokesman said on thursday .
serbs who fled croatia during the war in the ####s should be encouraged to vote in the country 's general election later this month , the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- said on thursday .
the president of the un security council said thursday that liberia remains too unstable to warrant lifting sanctions on the west african state .
torture remains too widely practiced in western europe and central asia , even though banned by treaty , the body charged with overseeing security and cooperation in europe said thursday .
perugia midfielder saadi kadhafi , son of the libyan leader moamer , has been suspended from italy 's serie a following his positive dope test , the italian football federation -lrb- figc -rrb- said on thursday .
zimbabwe 's information minister thursday accused some western powers of sabotaging the southern african country 's economy in a bid to unseat president robert mugabe 's government .
the senate foreign relations committee , by a vote of ##-# , on thursday approved lifting a ban on travel to cuba by us citizens , following recent similar votes in both the house of representatives and the us senate .
a us colonel in western iraq said thursday foreign fighters were paid and armed by loyalists of the former regime to battle coalition troops .
egypt 's banned but tolerated muslim brotherhood said thursday corruption was spreading in the administration and warned that rising poverty was `` threatening the cohesion of society .
lawmakers in both houses of congress in both parties said thusday they would ban the sale of the weight-loss supplement ephedra , over concerns that it can be deadly .
dutch striker mark de vries scored the only goal of a scrappy match to hand hearts a precious #-# win over bordeaux in their uefa cup second round first leg tie here thursday .
a wealthy russian businessman was found dead thursday in a dry river bed at the bottom of ##-metre -lrb- ###-foot -rrb- bridge at a popular tourist site near cyprus 's southern coastal resort of paphos , said police .
the afp correspondent in equatorial guinea was still being held by police thursday although the legal ##-hour limit on his detention had passed , a source close to the journalist said .
italian police said thursday they have dismantled a vast pedophile network on the internet and are investigating ## suspects both in the country and abroad .
hundreds of turkish students protesting against state control of the country 's universities clashed thursday with riot police in istanbul and the capital ankara , leaving at least ## people injured .
us regulators thursday announced an effort to clamp down on a new type of `` pop-up '' advertising scheme that exploits a loophole in microsoft windows designed for network administrator messages .
norwegian petter solberg , in a subaru , held off markko martin of estonia by just #.# sec to win the super special stage -lrb- #.## km -rrb- of the rally of great britain here thursday .
four palestinians and a female jewish settler were wounded thursday evening in an exchange of fire in the southern gaza strip , palestinian security and israeli military sources said .
the senate foreign relations committee on thursday approved margaret <unk> to be washington 's ambassador to syria .
the united states warned north korea on thursday not to seize the assets of an international consortium if it suspends a plan to build a nuclear power plant on its soil .
us troops mourned thursday night the ## #rd armoured cavalry regiment soldiers who died when their chinook transport helicopter was downed outside iraq 's flashpoint town of fallujah last weekend .
a late-day comeback helped wall street shares score modest gains thursday in a delayed reaction to upbeat economic news and strong earnings from tech giant cisco systems .
the united states on thursday unveiled plans to cut its troop strength in iraq next year to about ###,### , as two more us soldiers were reported dead and polish forces suffered their first fatality .
the state-owned egyptian natural gas holding company -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said thursday that a gas field recently discovered by us company apache corporation has been appraised as the biggest in the country 's western desert .
around ## armed men late thursday stormed the moscow offices of the open society institute of us billionaire george soros , taking five people hostage , interfax news agency reported , but there was no apparent political motive .
the united states thursday hailed a peace accord between the government of burundi and the central african country 's leading rebel group , aimed at ending a ##-year civil war that has killed more than ###,### .
frenchman zacarias moussaoui , the only person charged in the united states for the september ## attacks , could be punished if he does not stop his slew of court requests , a judge said thursday .
the us government on thursday endorsed un rights envoy paulo sergio pinheiro 's myanmar strategy -- despite claims in congress that the world body 's bid to ease political deadlock in the country were an abject failure .
the international federation of human rights leagues -lrb- fidh -rrb- called on authorities in mauritania to postpone presidential elections set for friday , following the arrest of a leading candidate .
a federal judge in new york ruled unconstitutional thursday a law barring certain late-term abortions , saying it fails to provide an exception to protect women 's health .
deputy secretary of state richard armitage was due to leave washington thursday on a trip scheduled to take him to egypt , saudi arabia and iraq through tuesday , the state department said .
the senate foreign relations committee , by a vote of ##-# , on thursday approved lifting a ban on travel to cuba by us citizens , following recent similar votes in both the house of representatives and the us senate .
veteran us consumer advocate ralph nader urged the federal bureau of investigation thursday to track corporate crime in its flagship annual survey of murders , burglaries and other street offenses nationwide .
a leading opposition candidate in mauritania 's presidential election was freed late thursday on the eve of the vote after several hours in police custody , police officials said .
canada said thursday it was concerned with sri lanka 's growing political crisis ahead of a potential showdown between prime minister ranil wickremesinghe and a hostile president who has been tightening her grip on power through emergency laws .
chinese vice foreign minister wang yi on thursday briefed senior us officials on beijing 's behind-the-scenes drive to convene a new round of six-nation talks on the north korea nuclear crisis .
at least four palestinians and a female jewish settler were wounded late thursday in an exchange of fire in the southern gaza strip , palestinian security and israeli military sources said .
the dollar held firm against the other major currencies thursday after us data showed an improving labor market that could help sustain the economic recovery .
substitute antonio cassano came to roma 's rescue by scoring in stoppage-time as the italians scraped a #-# victory over hajduk split in their uefa cup second round , first leg tie here on thursday .
canada 's foreign minister signed here thursday ratification documents to become a full member of the united nations convention on the law of the sea -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , that governs aspects of fishing , navigation , pollution and research .
shola ameobi earned newcastle a thrilling uefa cup victory after the magpies twice came from behind to beat fc basel #-# here on thursday .
democratic presidential contender wesley clark on thursday unveiled a military and defense program that he said would shore up us relations with its estranged allies while fulfilling washington 's obligation to stabilize war-ravaged iraq .
the united states thursday renewed a longstanding alert warning us citizens about the potential for terrorist attacks in the middle east and north africa .
substitute antonio cassano came to roma 's rescue by scoring in stoppage-time as the italians scraped a #-# victory over hajduk split in their uefa cup second round , first leg tie here on thursday .
an alleged people smuggler who organised a voyage in which hundreds of boat people drowned has been extradited from sweden to face trial in australia , officials in canberra said friday .
an ongoing wave of attacks against police in sao paulo , brazil 's largest city entered a fifth day thursday with seven dawn assaults , raising the tally to ## , with two dead and ## wounded , officials said .
general motors corporation said thursday it had revamped its plans for producing hybrid gas-electric <unk> and will now focus on using them in the next-generation sport-utility vehicles -lrb- suvs -rrb- and pick-up trucks starting in #### .
tiger woods and vijay singh struggled through a head-to-head showdown of player of the year and money title contenders while kenny perry and charles howell grabbed the tour championship lead thursday .
a new law barring a late-term abortion procedure was put on hold thursday by a federal judge after opponents claimed it was unconstitutional , and us lawmakers moved to outlaw an abortion pill they argue can be fatal to users .
small bombs exploded late thursday outside three banks in central athens , causing material damage but no injuries , police said .
weeks before an invasion by a us-led force , saddam hussein tried to secure a deal with washington to avoid his downfall , us media have reported .
california governor-elect arnold schwarzenegger is launching an investigation into charges that he sexually groped ## women that surfaced during his campaign , aides said thursday .
world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- experts say three injections out of every four in india and other countries in south asia are made with unsterilised needles , exposing countless people to the risk of hepatitis , hiv and other infections .
an israeli unit early friday conducted an operation around the el <unk> refugee camp in the center of the gaza strip , palestinian security and israeli military sources said .
managua protested what it deemed an improper us view of nicaragua and its people distributed prior to us secretary of state colin powell 's official visit this week , a nicaraguan official said thursday .
the boss of formula one team minardi , paul stoddart , revealed friday that he was considering establishing a cut-price australian airline to compete with qantas and richard branson 's virgin blue .
britain 's heir to the throne prince charles dramatically intervened in an alleged royal scandal late thursday , insisting he had no involvement in an incident , which although can not be fully reported for legal reasons , is claimed to be powerful enough to bring down the monarchy .
the polisario front , a group claiming independence for the western sahara annexed by morocco , announced late thursday it would free ### moroccan prisoners of war for `` humanitarian reasons .
rangers ' season is in danger of rapidly falling apart as the scottish champions face the double whammy of losing touch with celtic in the league and a pre-christmas exit from europe .
the united states thursday unveiled plans to cut its troop strength in iraq next year to about ###,### , as two more us soldiers were reported dead and polish forces suffered their first fatality .
just in case he needed it , michael phelps now has a little added incentive to match mark spitz ' record haul of seven swimming golds at one olympic games - but even with a # million-dollar bonus on offer the us teen knows it wo n't be easy .
miami heat forward malik allen underwent successful surgery to remove a bone spur from his right foot thursday but could be sidelined for two months .
hong kong gold prices opened lower friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the polisario front , a group claiming independence for the western sahara annexed by morocco , announced late thursday it would free ### moroccan prisoners of war for `` humanitarian reasons .
pop hearthrob justin timberlake took center stage at the #### mtv europe music awards here late thursday , scooping three gongs , one more than diva beyonce .
large crowds joined senior cabinet ministers at the airport here early friday to welcome prime minister ranil wickremesinghe as he returns home to confront a hostile president chandrika kumaratunga .
sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe returned home friday for a showdown with president chandrika kumaratunga who tightened her grip on power during his trip to washington .
the northwest african desert state of mauritania was set to vote in a presidential election friday , hours after police briefly detained the leading opposition candidate , accusing him of plotting a coup .
hong kong share prices rose #.## percent in opening trade friday , following overnight gains on wall street , dealers said .
president maaouiya ould taya of mauritania was reported confident of victory as he faces five challengers in friday 's presidential election in the northwest african desert state .
america 's most prolific serial killer , gary ridgway , may have murdered far more than the ## women he has been convicted of strangling , detectives said thursday .
the first descendant of slaves to run for president in mauritania , messaoud ould <unk> , is a charismatic figure who hopes to banish all forms of repression -- including persistent slavery -- from the northwest african desert country .
a new high-tech identity card designed for use in mauritania 's presidential election on friday is aimed at dispelling concerns over potential vote-rigging .
sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe friday vowed on his return from a trip abroad to reopen parliament which has been suspended by his rival president chandrika kumaratunga until november ## .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga has withdrawn the state of emergency she declared on tuesday , a senior government official told afp friday .
china yangtze power , which is raising nearly ## billion yuan -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in china 's biggest ipo this year , has received ## times more orders from institutional investors than shares available , state press reported friday .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga has withdrawn the state of emergency she declared in a showdown with prime minister ranil wickremesinghe , a senior government official told afp friday .
sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe friday vowed on his return from a trip abroad to reopen parliament which has been suspended by his rival president chandrika kumaratunga until november ## .
chinese vice foreign minister wang yi on thursday briefed senior us officials on beijing 's behind-the-scenes drive to convene a new round of six-nation talks on the north korea nuclear crisis .
prosecutors said friday they had raided the offices of ibm korea in a probe into allegations that the subsidiary of the us technology giant paid bribes to government officials .
china 's hainan airlines , which counts international financier george soros as one of its top shareholders , is in discussions to get more money from abroad , the carrier 's chairman said friday .
china has become the world 's eighth-largest and asia 's second-biggest cosmetics market as disposable incomes jump in an increasingly wealthy society , state press reported friday .
france 's amelie mauresmo kept her hopes alive at the # million-dollar wta tour championships here thursday with a straight-set victory over russian elena dementieva in round-robin play .
denver broncos linebacker john mobley , who suffered a spinal cord contusion last month , was placed on injured reserve thursday .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga has withdrawn the state of emergency she declared in a showdown with prime minister ranil wickremesinghe , a senior government official told afp friday .
shares of sony corp. advanced friday following the announcement that it would merge its music business with that of german media giant bertelsmann to create the world 's second-largest music group behind universal music .
the first ever sexual harassment lawsuit brought by a woman in beijing has been thrown out after the ##-year-old plaintiff was deemed to be paranoid , state press reported friday .
indonesia 's economy will perform modestly better next year than earlier predicted , legislators and the government have agreed , with higher growth , lower inflation and interest rates , and a smaller budget deficit .
oil prices were higher in asian trade friday following mixed us crude inventory data and concerns that iraq will have to import heating fuels to meet winter needs , dealers said .
the confirmed death toll from a flash flood blamed on illegal logging in indonesia 's north sumatra province stands at ### as the search continues for ### people still missing and feared dead , an official said friday .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on friday on continued profit-taking amid political uncertainty over a bid by the house of representatives to impeach the country 's top judge , dealers said .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher in morning trade friday as investor sentiment got a boost from a steadier overnight performance on wall street following positive us economic data , dealers said .
the philippines on friday pledged to protect its interests after reports suggested chinese research vessels and warships had been sighted in the disputed spratlys island chain .
police in vietnam said friday they have arrested an engaged couple in connection with a parcel bomb blast that killed three people and seriously injured another in hanoi last week .
rugby 's world cup will break new ground at the weekend if any of the quarter-finals is tied after the ## minutes .
australian shares closed higher friday , taking their lead from wall street with news corp continuing stronger on the back of positive results while bhp led the miners , dealers said .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga was to address the nation at #:## pm -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- friday after withdrawing a state of emergency which had compounded a political crisis , her office said .
world no. # kim clijsters won her second straight round-robin match at the # million-dollar wta tour championships thursday , downing chanda rubin in straight sets to assure herself a spot in the semi-finals .
thailand 's newest superstar residents , a pair of giant pandas on loan from china , will be on display for the first time saturday -- but only to the media and not the public , chiang mai zoo 's director said .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on friday on continued profit-taking amid political uncertainty over a bid by the house of representatives to impeach the country 's top judge , dealers said .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher friday on a technical rebound as investors looked to gains on wall street and strong foreign interest , dealers said .
australian shares closed higher friday , taking their lead from wall street with news corp continuing stronger on the back of positive results while bhp led the miners , dealers said .
the central pacific nation of kiribati friday switched its diplomatic ties from china to taiwan , a statement from its capital tarawa said .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher friday on a rise in casino sky city , dealers said .
efrain rios montt , a former dictator accused of genocide , is the most controversial candidate in sunday 's presidential elections in guatemala .
us adminstrator for iraq paul bremer wants to expand the us-led occupation authority to manage ## billion dollars of reconstruction funds , he told the washington post in an interview published friday .
australian leisure and hospitality ltd. , the former pubs division of foster 's group ltd , opened slightly above its institutional listing price on its first day of trade friday but lost its footing by the close .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , supported by gains in casino sky city , dealers said .
philippine president gloria arroyo said friday that some groups were trying to overthrow her government illegally by capitalising on a raging constitutional crisis .
a riot by inmates left one man injured and a trail of damage at an australian detention center , immigration department officials said friday .
un rights envoy to myanmar paulo sergio pinheiro met here with ethnic political parties friday , a day after the us endorsed his strategy despite claims that the world body 's bid to ease political deadlock in the country has failed .
south korean share prices closed #.## percent higher friday on steady foreign interest amid growing hopes of economic recovery , with the key index climbing back to above ### points , dealers said .
the world 's largest chip foundry taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. reported friday record sales of ##.# billion taiwan dollars -lrb- ###.## million us -rrb- in october due to higher wafer shipments .
surfing , considered by most australians a pastime and privilege , was friday elevated to university status after a campus based on the gold coast 's surfing strip offered a diploma course in the sport .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher friday in a technical rebound as investors looked to gains on wall street and strong foreign interest , dealers said .
an alleged people smuggler accused of causing the deaths of hundreds of boat people who drowned on their way to seek asylum in australia appeared in a court here friday after being extradited from sweden .
america 's most prolific serial killer , gary ridgway , may have murdered far more than the ## women he has been convicted of strangling , detectives said thursday .
indonesia 's economy will perform modestly better next year than earlier predicted , legislators and the government have agreed , with higher growth , lower inflation and interest rates , and a smaller budget deficit .
the central pacific nation of kiribati friday switched its diplomatic ties from china to taiwan , a statement from its capital tarawa said .
south korean share prices closed #.## percent higher friday on steady foreign interest amid growing hopes of economic recovery , with the key index climbing back to above ### points , dealers said .
an indian poet impressed by prime minister atal behari vajpayee 's political skills hopes to enter the record books by penning verse about the indian leader for ### straight days , a report said friday .
england all-rounder andrew flintoff and left-arm spinner ashley giles shared seven wickets as bangladesh faltered in the first one-day international here on friday .
sony corp. shares advanced friday after the announcement it will merge its music business with that of german media giant bertelsmann to create the world 's second-largest music group behind universal music .
sri lankan stocks gained ##.# percent friday in a dramatic rebound on the news president chandrika kumaratunga withdrew tough emergency laws , brokers said .
philippine food and beverage giant san miguel corp. said friday its consolidated net profit for the three months to september rose ## percent amid sharp growth in overseas beer sales .
taiwan 's united microelectronics corp. , the world 's second biggest contract microchip maker , reported friday a ##.## percent year-on-year increase in october sales as a result of higher wafer demand .
chen chin-feng hit a home run to lead taiwan to a #-# victory over china in the asian baseball championships on friday and kept their hopes of qualifying for the athens olympic games alive .
china 's first astronaut yang liwei was officially bestowed the title of `` space hero '' by military chief jiang zemin at a rally friday celebrating the country 's maiden manned space flight .
chinese shares closed #.## pecent lower friday as the latest report about the government 's long-planned <unk> divestment plan spooked investors , dealers said .
afghanistan 's former taliban rulers are threatening to kill taxi-drivers and other afghans if they work with foreigners , according to a pamphlet received friday .
malaysian central bank governor zeti akhtar aziz warned friday against prematurely raising interest rates in asia and <unk> , saying this would harm the global economic recovery .
sri lankan share prices gained ##.## percent friday in a dramatic rebound on the news president chandrika kumaratunga withdrew tough emergency laws , brokers said .
deutsche post , the semi-privatised german postal authority , said friday that bottom-line earnings more the doubled in the first nine months of the current year , largely because of one-off expenses a year earlier , while underlying profits declined slightly .
a palestinian child was killed by shrapnel from an israeli tank shell in the northern gaza strip friday , palestinian medical sources said .
the australian defense force -lrb- adf -rrb- will buy new tanks and ships and retire the ageing raaf f-### bombers by #### , defense minister robert hill said friday .
the world bank is considering loans of up to #.# billion dollars for turkey over the next three years to support the crisis-hit country 's economic recovery and help it prepare to join the european union .
four more separatist rebels have been killed in aceh province and a civilian has died in crossfire , indonesia 's military reported friday , a day after the government extended its offensive against the guerrillas for six months .
hong kong-listed china unicom ltd. , the mainland 's second largest mobile phone operator , is still in talks to acquire cellular telecoms assets in ## chinese provinces from parent china unicom corp. , the company said friday .
a palestinian child was killed by shrapnel from an israeli tank shell in the northern gaza strip friday , palestinian medical sources said .
hong kong gold prices closed lower friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher friday as investor sentiment got a boost from a steadier overnight performance on wall street following positive us economic data , dealers said .
a us soldier has died at a hospital in germany , raising to ## the number of people killed in the downing of a chinook helicopter in iraq , the us military said .
portuguese and spanish leaders will discuss a broad sweep of issues , from trade to the conflict in iraq , when their annual summit gets underway at this historic seaside resort later on friday .
the northwest african desert state of mauritania began voting in a presidential election friday , after police briefly detained the leading opposition candidate , accusing him of plotting a coup .
dutch retail giant ahold announced on friday a net profit of ## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- for the first half of #### compared to a net loss of ## million euros a year ago and announced a #.# -#.# billion euro rights issue .
the french government is considering the construction of a prototype third-generation nuclear european pressurized water reactor , junior industry minister nicole fontaine announced on friday .
thomas cook 's chairman and chief financial officer have quit with immediate effect , the travel and tourism group 's two shareholders , airline lufthansa and retail giant karstadtquelle , announced late thursday .
foreign tourist arrivals to india rose ##.# percent up to october with further strong growth expected this winter , the peak season , tourism secretary <unk> <unk> jha said friday .
israel voiced its satisfaction friday following us president george w. bush 's criticism over the pace of palestinian reforms and the role of yasser arafat .
the bank of china , one of the country 's four big state-run commercial banks that faces billions of dollars in bad debt , said friday it has no timetable for its eventual stockmarket listing .
pakistan president pervez musharraf said friday his country was fully justified in developing missiles and nuclear weapons to counter the threat posed by india .
four people were killed and two were wounded when a us blackhawk helicopter was `` forced down '' friday outside a us base near the northern iraqi city of tikrit , us-led coalition officials said .
thirteen farmers in east china 's shandong province have been jailed for up to four years after protesting the destruction of homes and <unk> of farmland by the government , officials and a rights group said friday .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher friday in quiet trade as investors stayed on the sidelines waiting for key us employment data , due later in the day , for their next lead , dealers said .
australian test captain steve waugh bludgeoned ### not out to lead new south wales to a thrilling five-wicket win over western australia at sydney cricket ground here friday .
russian president vladimir putin left italy for talks with his french counterpart in paris friday , winding up a two-day visit that included an eu-russia summit .
interpol and the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- are to launch a campaign to crack down on the spread of counterfeit medicines in asia that has probably claimed tens of thousands of lives , who officials said friday .
a washington-based organization promoting us higher education abroad has announced plans to set up an american university in afghanistan .
spain 's carlos sainz , one of the world title contenders , retired early friday in the rally of great britain , the final race of the championship .
malaysian share prices closed down #.## percent friday on extended selling ahead of the weekend , dealers said .
indonesia hit back friday at foreign powers who expressed concern over the extension of martial law in aceh province , describing their comments as regrettable interference .
the leading spanish oil group repsol reported on friday that net profits in the first nine months had fallen by #.# percent from the equivalent figure last year to ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- .
philippine prosecutors said friday they dropped criminal charges against ### soldiers originally accused of mounting a failed coup attempt in july , leaving ## junior officers to face the military courts .
indonesian share prices closed #.## percent lower friday on renewed concerns about prolonged audit problems at index heavyweight telkom , dealers said .
nigeria 's top trades union leader vowed not to allow protests against a recent fuel price hike to disrupt december 's ##-nation summit of the commonwealth , due to be held in abuja .
malaysian share prices closed #.## percent lower friday on extended selling ahead of the weekend , dealers said .
honiara , nov # -lrb- afp -rrb- a frenchman found guilty of having sex with a teenage boy and of committing other sex offences with another boy was sentenced friday to serve seven years in jail in the solomon islands .
german online broker comdirect said friday it expected to post `` record pre-tax profit of ##-## million euros '' -lrb- ##-## million dollars -rrb- this year after the rebound on the stock markets made the third quarter the most <unk> in the company 's history .
jordan has welcomed an unofficial middle east peace blueprint as an `` extremely positive effort '' and pledged to rally international support for the document , the press reported friday .
president george w. bush has urged middle east leaders from iran to syria to embrace democracy , and warned the united states must install democratic freedoms in iraq or risk increased terror attacks .
new zealand great colin meads said here friday that australia should look to their own players for success rather than poaching from rugby league .
hong kong stocks will likely slip further next week after this week 's late setback but much will depend on how the us markets react to the latest employment data due friday , dealers said .
german defense minister peter struck insisted friday that terrorism continued to pose a threat to peace , as he called on parliament to extend the country 's role in the war on terror .
pakistan has asked the british government to clarify whether mi# infiltrated and tried to bug its embassy in london , foreign ministry spokesman masood khan told afp friday .
cambodia is hoping british actress minnie driver abandons her threat to join poor garment workers on the job here as her antics could cause <unk> damage to a country she does n't understand , a senior official said friday .
a leading member of the jemaah islamiyah -lrb- ji -rrb- terror group who is wanted for the bali bombings played an important role in last month 's deadly attacks in christians in indonesia , a top security official said friday .
late results from last sunday 's chaotic parliamentary election in the former soviet republic of georgia have put the pro-government bloc of president eduard shevardnadze back in the lead , election chiefs said friday .
annika sorenstam , seeking a third straight title , got off to a brilliant start by shooting a nine-under-par ## to take a two-stroke lead in the mizuno classic golf tournament here on friday .
thai share prices rebounded #.## percent friday on renewed buying of real sector stocks brought on by speculation of positive third quarter earnings , analysts said .
the resentment felt by muslims toward the united states is mainly due to washington 's support for israel , and not only its support of dictatorships , egypt 's muslim brotherhood said friday .
taiwan 's exports in october grew ##.# percent year-on-year to ##.## billion us dollars , rising from ##.## billion in the previous month , the ministry of finance said friday .
andrew flintoff marked his england return with a superb all-round display to wreck bangladesh by seven wickets in the first one-day international here on friday .
european stocks bolted higher in early trading on friday as dealers took an optimistic outlook on us labor market data that was expected to have a major impact on markets ' near term performance .
the asian development bank announced friday it has approved funding for a million-dollar study on reconstruction of a key highway opening a trade route between central asia and northwest afghanistan .
iran said wednesday that testimony its diplomats were behind the deadly #### bombing of a jewish community center in argentina are a `` political plot against the islamic republic '' , state news agency irna reported .
canadian oil and gas giant talisman energy said friday it has made a gas discovery off the coast of vietnam .
france prepared the way on friday for replacement of ## ageing nuclear power stations with a draft proposal to build an experimental plant to guarantee independent electricity supply .
the european union friday urged china to further open its travel industry and allow foreign companies a slice of the action .
an indian court friday handed down the death penalty to a former politician convicted of shooting his wife and burning her dismembered corpse in the <unk> oven of an open-air restaurant , officials said .
indonesian share prices closed #.## percent lower friday on renewed concerns about prolonged audit problems at index heavyweight telkom , dealers said .
taiwan announced on friday it has established diplomatic relations with the central pacific nation of kiribati but denied it has used cash to win the country over from rival china .
indian stocks tumbled #.## percent friday and dropped below the symbolic #,### mark on selling pressure in technology and other major shares , dealers said .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul will hold talks with senior european union leaders in rome next week over his country 's struggling bid to join the eu , a senior diplomat said friday .
a us judge has <unk> a pharmaceutical chain to stop helping its customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from canada , a practice the us government maintains <unk> federal health controls .
rio tinto , the world 's second largest miner , said friday its interest in tapping china 's huge natural resources has waned with market protectionism and logistics difficulties forcing it to focus on shipping minerals into the country .
france prepared the way on friday for replacement of ## ageing nuclear power stations with a draft proposal to build an experimental plant to guarantee independent electricity supply .
tail-end batsmen jerome taylor and corey <unk> helped west indies avoid the follow-on by passing ### just before lunch on the fourth day of the first cricket test against zimbabwe here on friday .
new zealand ' scott styris was on friday fined his entire match fees for showing dissent during his team 's four-wicket win over hosts india here on thursday night .
an amateur pilot who commandeered a plane and circled germany 's business capital frankfurt , raising fears of a terrorist strike , said friday he had only wanted to kill himself out of love for a dead us astronaut .
iran is the greatest threat to the world , according to an israeli poll published friday in response to an eu survey which was released earlier this week and awarded the title of most dangerous country to the jewish state .
rubber futures prices in singapore were lower friday on heavier volumes , dealers said .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra announced ## changes in a sweeping cabinet reshuffle friday in which he ditched a government coalition partner , political sources said .
spain 's press said friday that the fiancee of the heir to the throne is a decidedly determined woman , and not a `` flower pot '' as one newspaper put it .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale struck taiwan friday , seismologists said .
industrial output in germany contracted sharply in september , mainly as a result of the effects of the summer holidays , data published by the german economy and labor ministry showed on friday .
media group vivendi universal reported on friday sharply lower sales but saw strong growth of operating profit and a return to net profit for the year .
philippine share prices are expected to consolidate further in the coming week amid uncertainty over the efforts by some congressmen to impeach the supreme court chief justice , analysts said friday .
president gloria arroyo on friday offered a million-peso -lrb- ##,###-dollar -rrb- bounty for tips leading to the arrest of suspects of each murdered journalist in the philippines in the past five years , the presidential palace said .
some ## pakistani fishermen released by india in response to a similar goodwill gesture by the rival neighbor arrived in this southern port city friday along with their seven boats , officials said .
taiwan shares are likely to move higher in the week ahead as the technology sector regains favor from investors with its rosy outlook , dealers said friday .
germany 's opposition-run upper house of parliament friday rejected a package of government reforms aimed at overhauling the costly labor and social welfare market , sending the measures to an arbitration committee .
thai share prices rebounded #.## percent friday on renewed buying in property , communications and energy stocks brought on by speculation of positive third quarter earnings , analysts said .
bmw , the german maker of luxury cars , said friday it sold a total ##,### cars worldwide in october , ##.# percent more than in the corresponding month a year earlier .
indonesian shares are likely to trade higher in the coming week , notably due to the listing monday of bank rakyat indonesia -lrb- bri -rrb- , an analyst said friday .
silvio berlusconi 's staunch defense of russian president vladimir putin 's human rights record in chechnya drew the ire of italy 's newspapers friday .
the european commission said friday that it does not agree with italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on the issues of yukos or chechnya , after controversial comments at an eu-russia summit .
spain 's press said friday that the fiancee of the heir to the throne is a decidedly determined woman , and not a `` flower pot '' as one newspaper put it .
a leader of indian kashmir 's ruling party and two others were shot dead by suspected islamic rebels , while police used force to quell an anti-government demonstration , police and witnesses said friday .
malaysia 's stock market is expected to continue its consolidation trend after losing #.## percent this week following its strong run up in the past month , analysts said .
france 's sebastien loeb , one of two drivers still contending for the #### world title , was leading the rally of great britain on friday following two of the day 's six special stages .
european stocks bolted higher in early trading on friday as dealers took an optimistic outlook on us labor market data that was expected to have a major impact on markets ' near term performance .
an indian court friday handed down the death penalty to a former politician convicted of shooting his wife and burning her dismembered corpse in the <unk> oven of an open-air restaurant , officials said .
the french oil group total raised net profits by #.# percent in the third quarter , but said that improved oil market conditions had not compensated fully for dollar weakness and hard times for chemicals .
the european commission said friday that it does not agree with italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on the issues of yukos or chechnya , after controversial comments at an eu-russia summit .
an indian national working for a private indian firm was killed by unknown attackers in kabul , an afghan official said friday .
indian stocks tumbled #.## percent friday and dropped below the symbolic #,### mark on selling pressure in technology and other major shares , dealers said .
egypt 's security forces used excessive force , including torture against demonstrators protesting the us-led war on iraq last march , said a human rights watch report published friday .
worldwide sales of mercedes-benz cars fell by #.# percent to ##,### units in october , the german-us parent company daimlerchrysler said on friday .
cherie blair , ## , the lawyer wife of britain 's prime minister tony blair , was getting around on crutches and a wheelchair friday after falling and spraining her ankle , downing street said .
romanian transport minister miron <unk> said on friday that the romanian airline tarom is to go ahead with the purchase of four airbus a### planes for a total of ### million dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- .
fulham 's sean davis , who had been set to leave the club in january , has withdrawn his transfer request and begun talks on a contract extension that will keep him at the west london club .
mauritania 's opposition candidates said friday 's presidential election had already been marred by fraud and voter intimidation just hours after polling began in the northwest african desert state .
canada 's unemployment rate decreased #.# percent to #.# percent in october from september , statistics canada said friday .
a mentally disturbed man went on trial in sweden on friday for the brutal stabbing of a young girl , a killing he said was inspired by the fatal knife attack on foreign minister anna lindh the previous day .
a german court will rule next week whether to allow or dismiss the country 's first lawsuit calling for compensation for the damage to health through years of cigarette use .
the un high commissioner for refugees was due in tanzania on friday to meet with refugees from africa 's various wars , a unhcr official said here .
bangladesh 's foreign minister morshed khan returned home friday ending an official visit to germany where he held talks with german foreign minister joschka fischer , officials said .
asia 's major stock markets were mostly higher friday ahead of the release od key us unemployment data .
ireland 's jobless total dropped during october while the unemployment rate remained at #.# percent for the second month in succession , official figures showed friday .
israel 's opposition labor leader shimon peres urged the european union friday to contain the spread of anti-semitism , in a comment on an eu-wide poll showing most europeans believe israel is the biggest threat to world peace .
pakistani port authorities friday said they would sell off wreckage of a broken greek oil tanker to clean their port channel after the insurers ignored their notices to foot the bill .
germany 's opposition-run upper house of parliament friday rejected a package of government reforms aimed at overhauling the costly labor and social welfare market and bringing forward tax cuts .
namibia and brazil signed eight cooperation agreements on friday during a visit by president luiz inacio lula da silva , with namibian president sam nujoma praising initiatives between the two countries aimed at ending poverty .
the bodies of slain english schoolgirls holly wells and jessica chapman were set on fire in the overgrown ditch where they were dumped , the murder trial of their accused killer heard friday .
kurdish rights rather than the division of cyprus represent the biggest obstacle to turkey 's bid to join the european union , the pro-kurdish democratic people 's party -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said friday .
egypt 's security forces used excessive force , including torture , against demonstrators protesting the us-led war on iraq last march , said a human rights watch -lrb- hrw -rrb- report published friday .
dutch swimmer rie mastenbroek , the first woman to win four medals during one olympic games , has died aged ## in her home town of rotterdam , the anp news agency reported friday .
indian markets are set to consolidate further early next week before surging past the symbolic #,### mark again , brokers said friday .
the german government said friday that it regretted the lack of any un deal formally to ban human cloning , after the world body 's legal committee agreed to postpone a decision for two years .
afghanistan 's national flag carrier ariana afghan airlines friday relaunched the first regular commercial flights between the capital and the main southern city of kandahar since the ousting of the taliban two years ago .
mauritania 's opposition candidates said friday 's presidential election had already been marred by fraud and voter intimidation just hours after polling began in the northwest african desert state .
swiss president pascal couchepin friday called on his country and india to reverse a brain drain and said he wanted greater scientific exchange between the two nations .
ankara called on athens friday to focus on solving disputes through dialogue after the greek army announced it was increasing the number of its soldiers at its border with turkey .
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo , whose country regularly props up a list of the world 's most corrupt nations , vowed friday to introduce an initiative encouraging oil and other <unk> firms to open their accounts to scrutiny .
the dollar spiked up against the euro and yen on friday on news of a much bigger than expected rise in us employment last month .
us businesses hired ###,### extra people in october -- nearly twice as many as had been expected -- and the jobless rate fell to #.# percent , the government said friday .
the rise and rise of nigerian club enyimba looks set to continue saturday .
pope john paul ii told european christian democratic politicians on friday that it would be `` unjust '' not to insert an explicit mention of europe 's christian heritage in the future eu constitution .
a prominent opposition bloc that contested last sunday 's parliamentary elections in the former soviet republic of georgia said friday it would boycott parliament , claiming the election was rigged .
werder bremen 's brazilian striker ailton , top scorer in germany with ## goals , has pulled out of their league match at hannover on saturday with an eye problem .
about ### people demonstrated friday outside the baghdad headquarters of the us-led coalition , demanding that american troops leave iraq and free sunni muslims they say have been arrested .
the sudanese government has urged the united nations to talk rebels into allowing much-need food aid to reach a town they control in the country 's northeastern kassala state , the independent daily akhbar al <unk> said friday .
in a radical shake-up of one of germany 's best-known companies , the chemicals and pharmaceuticals giant bayer said friday it would float its chemicals and plastics businesses on the stock exchange by #### and focus instead on higher-margin healthcare and agrochemicals activities .
us president george w. bush has no right to lecture on democracy because of his support of israel , an egyptian recipient of this year 's human rights watch award said friday .
the eight states from the central european free trade agreement -lrb- cefta -rrb- were to meet friday in slovenia with the trade group breaking apart as five of the countries are to join the eu in #### .
six us soldiers were killed friday when a blackhawk helicopter was `` forced down '' in northern iraq and another died in a separate attack as reports in ankara said turkey was going back on its commitment to send troops to help its us ally .
tehran on friday condemned us president george w. bush for calling on the islamic republic to embrace democracy , dubbing it `` open interference in iran 's internal affaires , '' the state news agency irna reported .
sudan and chad have agreed to form a joint force to prevent cross-border activities by opposition groups and to control smuggling and banditry operations , sudanese police said friday .
turkey has dropped plans to send troops to iraq after fierce opposition from the iraqi leadership , the anatolia news agency quoted government sources as saying friday .
remnants of the taliban militia are planning to abduct american journalists in afghanistan in a bid to win the release of their compatriots currently held by the united states , the state department said friday .
bolshevik leader vladimir lenin , whose body remains on display in the mausoleum on red square , is getting a new suit , an official said friday on the ##th anniversary of the russian revolution .
paris-based media watchdog reporters without borders criticised jordan on friday for failing to stamp out censorship despite an official agreement to end restrictions on the kingdom 's media .
kyrgyz communists wept on friday when a statue of bolshevik leader vladimir lenin was unveiled in a park three months after it was taken down from a prime spot in front of the government 's headquarters .
armed men friday tried to break up an opposition rally in western georgia amid nationwide protests over parliamentary elections that critics charge were rigged in the government 's favor , television reports said .
an amateur pilot who commandeered a plane and circled germany 's business capital frankfurt , raising fears of a terrorist strike , said friday he had only wanted to kill himself out of love for a dead us astronaut .
the german chemicals and pharmaceuticals giant bayer said friday it planned to cut only #,### jobs in germany by #### , instead of #,### as originally envisaged , after employees agreed to a ##-percent reduction in the variable component of their pay .
a man and his son died and three other young people were seriously injured in a mine incident on the border between tajikistan and uzbekistan , tajik authorities said friday .
france has asked the united states to provide clear information about the six french prisoners being held at the guantanamo military base in cuba and hopes to send an official team to the island to <unk> about their situation , the foreign ministry said friday .
pope john paul ii told european christian democratic politicians on friday that it would be `` unjust '' not to insert an explicit mention of europe 's christian heritage in the future eu constitution .
tax breaks for germany 's highly-paid footballers for working <unk> hours were voted out by the country 's parliament , the bundestag , on friday .
turkey has dropped plans to send troops to iraq after fierce opposition from the iraqi leadership , a government official told afp friday .
remnants of the taliban militia are planning to abduct american journalists in afghanistan in a bid to win the release of their compatriots currently held by the united states , the state department said friday .
bosnia told the united states friday the balkan country was ready to send troops to iraq , the tripartite presidency said in a statement .
a sharp contraction in industrial output in germany in september means that the eurozone 's biggest economy is likely to grow only fractionally in the third quarter , analysts here said on friday .
a technology market research firm friday boosted its forecast for global sales of personal computers in the fourth quarter , saying the market is picking up more quickly than expected .
remnants of the taliban militia are planning to abduct american journalists in afghanistan in a bid to win the release of their compatriots currently held by the united states , the state department said friday .
hundreds of thousands of burundians who fled war in their east african homeland should now return to boost efforts to end the conflict there , the head of the un refugee agency said here friday .
the socialists and greens will be in a position to end ## years of nationalist rule in catalonia if they combine forces after regional elections in northeastern spain , an opinion poll published friday said .
the roman catholic church in the united states received more donations in #### than the previous year despite pedophilia scandals that rocked the church and hurt its reputation , a university study found .
uzbekistan 's supreme court friday jailed a leading member of the non-violent radical islamic movement hizbut tahrir for ## years , the court said .
namibian farmers and farmworkers decided to draft a memorandum of understanding on working conditions at a meeting friday which followed union threats of <unk> land invasions .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga re-scheduled an address to the nation for a third time friday after prime minister ranil wickremesinghe returned home to face a crisis triggered by her .
eleven soldiers were killed during a raid on a military base in northeast uganda last week , the army said friday , accusing disgruntled troops , ## of whom are still missing , of colluding with the attacking <unk> .
at least ## people have been killed in the northern ugandan district of lira by suspected lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- , local officials said on friday .
the planned merger of the music businesses of german media giant bertelsmann and japanese electronics group sony struck a sour note in the french music industry friday over concerns the deal could hurt musical diversity .
the un under secretary general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief , jan egeland , on friday urged the international community to give conflicts in africa more attention .
three separate attacks linked to tribal rivalries left at least ## people dead and ## wounded friday in pakistan 's southwestern baluchistan province , police said .
the eight states from the central european free trade agreement -lrb- cefta -rrb- were to meet friday in slovenia with the trade group breaking apart as five of the countries are to join the eu in #### .
more than ###,### metal workers took to the streets of rome friday as they pressed their demands for a new contract , union officials said .
the head of french defense electronics group thales said friday he backed the forging of a european naval group on the model of european aeronautic defense and space company .
britain 's queen elizabeth ii will next month make her first visit to nigeria since it won independence from her rule , despite security fears , the british high commission confirmed here friday .
a us military translator at the us base in guantanamo , cuba , arrested july ## was formally charged thursday with espionage and aiding the enemy , but does not face the possibility of the death penalty , the air force said in a statement .
a un panel on friday sharply criticised human rights violations in russia , highlighting the impunity of security forces in the breakaway republic of chechnya and the government 's clampdown on russian media .
lazio 's sinisa mihajlovic was suspended for eight matches by uefa on friday for spitting at chelsea 's romanian striker adrian mutu during the italian side 's #-# champions league defeat this week .
representatives of about a dozen european airlines met here friday to discuss ways to boost services to the balkans , where the industry is still suffering from the impact of the ####s conflicts .
the church of greece has upped the ante in its power struggle with the orthodox patriarch in istanbul over control of northern greece 's <unk> dioceses .
norwegian petter solberg , in a subaru , moved ahead of frenchman sebastien loeb on friday to take the lead of the rally of great britain and with it the chance of winning the world drivers ' title .
india 's jeev milkha singh hung on to his lead at the ###,### us dollar hero honda masters on friday after shooting a second round even-par ## at delhi golf club .
the black hawk helicopter has been in service for a quarter of a century in war theaters around the world , making it one of the symbols of us military domination .
a swiss-based underwear maker has developed a high-tech bra which it claims will help women quit smoking thanks to perfumed capsules which give cigarettes an unpleasant taste and soothe withdrawal symptoms .
the un war crimes tribunal is probing a former yugoslav army chief and serb general for war crimes allegedly committed at the outbreak of bosnia 's ####-## war , a prosecutor said friday .
in a radical shake-up of one of germany 's best-known companies , chemicals and pharmaceuticals giant bayer said friday it would float its chemicals and plastics businesses on the stock exchange by #### and focus instead on higher-margin healthcare and agrochemicals activities .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga friday invited all political parties to form a government of `` national reconciliation '' after justifying the sacking of three ministers .
australian striker mark viduka 's career at leeds appeared to be over on friday after another confrontation with the struggling premiership club 's manager peter reid .
a spokesman for italian prime minister silvio berlusconi attacked the president of the european commission friday for sniping from the sidelines rather than directly raising concerns about russia .
the european union on friday was granted a special panel of world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- experts to rule on a simmering trade dispute with australia over quarantine measures restricting imports of food products .
health ministers from the world 's leading industrial nations agreed friday after talks in berlin to widen their cooperation against the threat of bio-terrorism .
harare , nov # -lrb- af -rrb- - zimbabwe spin bowler ray price took career best figures of #-## in the first of two cricket tests against west indies here friday but the tourists were still able to avoid the follow-on that seemed quite possible as proceedings moved into a fifth day .
pope john paul ii will beatify three men and two women -- two spaniards , a french nun , an italian and a belgian -- at a mass in st peter 's basilica at the vatican on sunday .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga friday invited all political parties to form a government of `` national reconciliation '' after justifying the sacking of three ministers .
the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- decided friday to establish an expert panel to hear a complaint by brazil about eu tariffs on imports of salted chicken .
wall street shares that had rallied in anticipation of strong economic news failed to respond friday from a surprisingly strong jobs report that suggested the us economy was on firm ground .
european stock markets chalked up firm gains friday , with the london ftse ### index rising #.## percent to #,###.# .
sales of new cars jumped ##.# percent in october from the same month last year to ##,### vehicles and were up ##.# percent in the first ## months of #### , auto industry <unk> samar said friday .
israeli troops on friday nabbed a leader of the hardline islamic jihad group suspected of masterminding a suicide attack on a seafront cafe in haifa which left ## israelis dead , security sources on both sides said .
oil prices bounced back again on friday in a volatile market that has seen a wave of buying and reaction selling in the wake of unexpectedly weak figures for us fuel stockpiles .
quetta , pakistan , nov # - pakistani engineers have completed a preliminary survey for a planned ### kilometer -lrb- ## mile -rrb- rail line to afghanistan , officials said friday .
one coal miner was killed and six injured in a gas explosion in a coal mine at <unk> in southern poland on friday , the national mines office said .
the head of leipzig 's bid for the #### olympic games has quit as controversy continues to plague the eastern germany city 's candidature .
three of the six french people arrested this week on suspicion of helping the dissident northern ireland paramilitary group the real ira are expected to be placed under judicial investigation on terrorist-related charges , officials said friday .
poland 's main , liberal centre-right opposition party , the civic platform -lrb- po -rrb- , has passed the ruling democratic left alliance -lrb- sld -rrb- in popularity for the first time since #### , an opinion poll showed on friday .
the united states has included a two million dollar reward for former liberian leader charles taylor in its ##.# billion dollar special budget for iraq and afghanistan .
the dollar dipped against the euro here friday as rumors of possible terrorist attacks on us interests eclipsed the impact of stronger than expected us job creation figures .
britain 's stock market faces a key week ahead as investors decide whether a raft of positive us economic data will allow equities to extend their recent rally , analysts said on friday .
the taliban militia plans to abduct american journalists in afghanistan in a bid to win the release of their followers held by the united states , the state department said friday .
the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- said friday it would set up an expert panel to investigate a complaint by the united states that mexico is placing unfair restrictions on us beef and long grain rice .
us president george w. bush on friday welcomed a surprise drop in unemployment , crediting the two huge tax cuts he drove through congress and saying they must now be made permanent .
the eight states from the central european free trade agreement -lrb- cefta -rrb- met friday in slovenia for the last time before the group reduces to only three members as five of the countries prepare to join the european union in #### .
the jordanian government is opposed to press censorship and is investigating why a newspaper was this week prevented from publishing a caricature , spokeswoman asma khodr said friday .
china forged ahead with its bid to convene new six-nation talks on the <unk> to pyongyang with parliamentary chief wu bangguo .
denmark will hold a public hearing on the us-led war on iraq , inviting international experts to debate the decision to use force despite the lack of a un mandate , officials said on friday .
us securities and exchange commission chairman william donaldson urged the brokerage industry to clean house or risk prosecution as regulators probe cheating in the #.#-trillion-dollar mutual fund industry .
holders great britain and ireland extended their lead over continental europe to three points in the seve trophy on friday as england 's lee westwood hit top form in the fourballs .
the unbeaten kansas city chiefs return from their bye week looking to improve on their #-# national football league start when they host the cleveland browns .
france and russia signed an agreement here friday that will open up russian access to the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- launch complex in french guiana from #### .
police arrested three people in a small town in kosovo friday , a day after starting a hunt for those responsible for the killing of a serbian family there last june , an official said .
the us embassy in saudi arabia said it will close its embassy for one day saturday to review security following `` serious '' threats of an attack .
the danish and swedish foreign ministers on friday both distanced themselves from remarks made by italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on russia 's handling of the war in chechnya .
michael portillo , once tipped as a future leader of britain 's conservative party and seen as a potential prime minister , announced friday he was quitting politics at the next general election .
bosnia is ready to send troops to iraq and host us military bases on its territory , the country 's muslim president said friday after meeting us under secretary of state for political affairs marc grossman .
the world trade organisation 's dispute settlement body on friday appointed the first ever woman to join a seven-member panel that helps to resolve trade rows between member states .
<unk> has been stepped up around former liberian leader charles taylor 's home in nigeria after the united states slapped a two million dollar bounty on his head , a source in his camp said friday .
brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva arrived in south africa late friday on the last leg of a five-nation african tour , .
the queen mary ii , the largest passenger ship ever built , left port in western france on friday for a second round of tests ahead of its maiden transatlantic voyage in january .
france on friday called the un decision to postpone a vote on a human cloning ban for two years the `` least bad solution '' , but slammed those countries that had backed a universal ban on the controversial practice .
veteran irish jockey michael kinane is ending his successful five-year partnership as aidan o'brien 's stable jockey at <unk> when the season ends on saturday .
european and central asian states that systematically use torture were told to abandon the practice friday and urged not to accept confessions produced under duress as evidence in court .
the us embassy warned friday of a serious threat of attacks in saudi arabia and announced that its missions here would remain closed for a security review .
shooting broke out in the vicinity of the manila airport control tower in the philippine capital early saturday after armed men seized the building , radio stations reported from the scene .
the european union warned albania friday that its slow rhythm of reforms could endanger talks over a stabilisation and association agreement with the eu , one of the key steps toward full membership with the union .
rwanda , uganda and the government of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- have all provided weapons to different militia groups in the drc , prolonging fighting in the east of the country , a un report said .
security has been stepped up around former liberian leader charles taylor 's home in nigeria after the united states slapped a two million dollar bounty on his head , a source in his camp said friday .
un secretary general kofi annan on friday urged the security council 's makeup and operations be overhauled without delay .
us president george w. bush on friday carefully avoided gloating about a surprise drop in unemployment , but told jobless americans that the figures showed `` there 's hope for you .
us president george w. bush and bolivia 's new president , carlos mesa , spoke for the first time friday , discussing the need to keep fighting illegal drugs , the white house said .
former enron chairman kenneth lay ended a stalemate with us authorities friday and agreed to turn over documents for a probe of the failed energy giant , officials said .
us president george w. bush and spanish prime minster jose maria aznar , a staunch iraq war ally , discussed the situation in that war-ravaged country on friday , the white house said .
us president george w. bush on friday offered condolences to polish president aleksander kwasniewski a day after his country suffered its first fatality in iraq , the white house said .
french finance minister francis mer said friday that france would soon make a proposal to settle the longstanding case of the allegedly illegal takeover of failed us insurer executive life by credit lyonnais in #### .
two men and a woman were arrested on friday in northern ireland on suspicions of having links with the dissident paramilitary movement , the real ira , police told reporters .
police recaptured the manila airport control tower after an intense gun battle with armed men who seized the building in the philippine capital early saturday , officials and radio reports said .
the international cricket council 's champions trophy will be played at the oval , edgbaston and hampshire 's <unk> , it was announced friday .
`` fuse '' , director <unk> <unk> 's tale of a village in post-war bosnia that goes democratic on the double when it hears the us president is coming to visit , won the prize for best original feature friday at britain 's <unk> independent film festival , organisers said .
the us embassy warned friday of a serious threat of attacks in saudi arabia and announced that its missions here would remain closed for a security review .
the chief executive of uk athletics , david moorcroft , said friday that officials must start looking beyond athletes if the problem of drugs in sport is to be tackled efficiently .
polish troops will remain in iraq only until the establishment of a capable iraqi government , prime minister leszek miller stressed friday ahead of a four-nation tour of the middle east , including iraq .
the us embassy warned friday of a serious threat of attacks in saudi arabia and announced that its missions here would remain closed for a security review .
the boston red sox plan to construct seats on the right field roof at fenway park after receiving positive feedback from fans when they added seats atop the `` green monster '' in left field a year ago , team president larry lucchino said friday .
canadian foreign minister bill graham promised friday a review of how authorities handle the cases of canadians arrested abroad following severe criticism from two men who said they were tortured in saudi arabia and syria .
two men and a woman were arrested friday in northern ireland on suspicion of having links with the dissident paramilitary movement , the real ira , police told reporters .
the central committee of yasser arafat 's fatah movement has reached an agreement on the formation of a new government , a source close to the palestinian leader said on friday .
oil prices swung higher friday , bouncing back from losses the day before as nerves set in about cool weather , the level of us crude oil inventories , and terrorism .
the central committee of yasser arafat 's fatah movement has reached an agreement on the formation of a new government , a source close to the palestinian leader said on friday .
israeli and palestinian sponsors of a middle east peace initiative will meet in geneva on december # , the swiss foreign ministry said friday .
portugal and spain have agreed to build four high-speed rail links between their two countries , including one that will connect lisbon and madrid in under three hours , a portuguese diplomatic source said friday .
philippine president gloria arroyo convened an emergency meeting with security officials early saturday after police shot dead two men who seized an airport control tower in the philippine capital , officials said .
the united states expressed reservations friday over statements by iran 's defense ministry that tehran has no plans to manufacture a successor to its medium-range shahab-# missile .
italian police said they arrested ## suspected mafia gang members in the sicilian town of catania friday in connection with drug trafficking and two attempted murders .
new zealanders hearts may be firmly with the all blacks beating south africa in their do-or-die rugby world cup quarter-final saturday , but their wallets are definitely with the springboks .
tunisian president zine el abidine ben ali announced friday that private radio and television stations would be authorised from now on and that the first private radio station would hit the airwaves at once .
algerian security forces killed ## armed suspected islamists in the west of the country friday , the algerian news agency aps reported .
english country cricket side warwickshire have signed australian spinner brad hogg for the #### season .
stocks swung lower friday as wall street investors looked past a strong us jobs report , fretting over possible interest rate hikes and locking in some recent gains .
the baltimore orioles hope the new york yankees ' winning ways will rub off on them .
the united states warned on friday that the taliban plans to abduct american journalists in afghanistan , as president george w. bush faced a stark new warning over security in the country from key us aid agencies .
twenty rare reptiles called caymans will be returned their natural habitats in selected spots around the country later this month , in a move by authorities to restore the natural balance in uruguay 's rivers and keep piranhas in check .
struggling against zone defenses , the orlando magic will welcome back their best #-point shooter .
the new england patriots on friday placed starting receiver david patten on injured reserve , ending his season .
the miami heat added some frontcourt help friday , signing veteran free agent forward tyrone hill .
bill bavasi , who built the foundation of the #### world champion anaheim angels , was named the executive vice president and general manager of the seattle mariners on friday .
members of the new zealand cricket team are free to pull out of this month 's tour to pakistan if they have security fears , but cricket authorities say they do not expect many defections .
wallabies vice-captain and lock david giffin has a thigh injury and is in doubt for australia 's rugby world cup quarter-final with scotland here on saturday .
a consortium of czech firms signed a deal with the afghan government on friday to provide kabul with ## <unk> and rebuild the city 's trolleybus network .
st. louis blues center doug weight was suspended four games by the national hockey league on friday for cross-checking vancouver canucks center henrik sedin .
a us army military tribunal has dismissed charges of cowardice and dereliction of duty in iraq against a us soldier who was to have had a pre-trial hearing friday .
un secretary general kofi annan told a conference on un reform that the security council should be overhauled without delay , before heading friday for ecuador .
philippine president gloria arroyo said saturday that a brief siege of the manila airport control tower that left two gunmen dead was not an attempt to grab power .
philippine president gloria arroyo said saturday that a brief siege of the manila airport control tower that left two gunmen dead was not an attempt to grab power .
`` fuse '' , director <unk> <unk> 's tale of a village in post-war bosnia that goes democratic on the double when it hears the us president is coming to visit , won the prize for best original feature friday at britain 's <unk> independent film festival , organisers said .
ryan giggs is planning to rub salt into the wounds created by manchester united 's current ascendancy over liverpool in english football 's fiercest rivalry .
outgoing mauritanian president maaouiya ould taya was well ahead of the five other candidates in friday 's election , with a national score of over ## percent according to partial results , his office said saturday .
chilean former dictator general augusto pinochet was taken to santiago 's military hospital friday after breaking his wrist in a fall at his seaside home in vina del mar , medical sources said .
united nations secretary general kofi annan arrived here from chile late friday after telling a conference that the un security council needed overhaul without delay .
china has reacted furiously to a decision by kiribati to set up diplomatic ties with taiwan , calling the central pacific nation 's switch `` an open betrayal , '' chinese state media reported saturday .
wallabies vice-captain and lock david giffin has been ruled out of australia 's rugby world cup quarter-final against scotland with a thigh injury , a team spokesman said on saturday .
china said saturday it will pursue its own path to democracy , reacting to remarks by us president george w. bush that the chinese people will eventually want their liberty `` pure and whole .
six us soldiers were killed when a blackhawk helicopter was apparently shot down in northern iraq , on a day that turkey announced it was abandoning plans to send troops to help its beleaguered us ally .
outgoing mauritanian president maaouiya ould taya was well ahead of the five other candidates in friday 's election , with a national score of over ## percent according to partial results , his office said saturday .
utility back iain balshaw on saturday was ruled out of sunday 's world cup quarter-final against wales here after failing to recover from an ankle injury .
the united states said friday it was concerned about the safety of its citizens in malaysia , warning they could fall prey to southeast asian terror groups .
samoa 's commercial rugby arm , manu samoa rugby ltd -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , had spent all its money funding its world cup campaign and was forced to return control of the national sevens team to samoa rugby football union -lrb- sru -rrb- , an official said friday .
outgoing mauritanian president maaouiya ould taya was heading for a first round election victory , according to partial results released early saturday by the interior ministry .
authorities exonerated a man of blame after he shot dead a robber who threatened his ##-year-old son by forcing his handgun barrel into the boy 's mouth , press reports said here .
dealers expect australian shares to turn in a mixed performance this week as prospects of a stronger global economy buoy export stocks but central bank comments could weaken bank and defensive shares .
space coverage was back with a vengeance in chinese media saturday , as top leaders hailed the country 's first astronaut with a curious mix of strident patriotism and reassurances of peaceful intentions .
half of all chinese drivers admit to having dozed off behind the wheel at least once since they hit the roads of the world 's most accident-prone country , state media said saturday .
utility back iain balshaw on saturday was ruled out of sunday 's world cup quarter-final against wales here because of a knee injury .
taiwan prosecutors have indicted three people including a chinese american , over copyright violations related to high-tech design theft , it was reported here saturday .
south and north korea on saturday agreed to begin building the first joint industrial park in the communist north early next year , a joint government statement said .
malaysia 's september industrial output surged #.# percent compared with a year ago and rose #.# percent from august , the statistics department said saturday .
al-qaeda operatives may be planning to hijack cargo jets in canada , mexico or the caribbean and fly them to the united states to attack nuclear power plants and other critical infrastructure , the washington post reported on its website friday .
europe 's ryder cup star padraig harrington and six-time major winner nick faldo will headline the omega hong kong open here in december .
thailand 's electricity authority signed saturday an agreement committing itself to buying five billion dollars worth of electricity from the much controversial nam theun ii hydro-electric power project in laos .
frequent beatings make journalism the third-most dangerous occupation in china , behind work in the coalmines and in the police force , state media said saturday .
belgium 's justine henin-hardenne booked her place in the semi-finals of the wta tour championships - and assured herself of the year-end world no. # ranking - with a #-# , #-# round-robin victory over jennifer capriati on friday .
the united states wo n't be able to defend their baseball gold at the #### athens olympics after mexico stunned the americans in the quarter-finals of the olympic qualifying tournament of the americas .
china 's commerce minister , a powerful figure in charge of trade both at home and abroad , has been away from his job due to illness for nearly two months , state media reported on saturday .
suspected muslim rebels overnight shot dead two people including an activist of a party that favors indian rule , while indian troops killed a militant , police said saturday .
the bolivian government , with a deficit of close to nine percent of its gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- , on friday asked the international community for ### million dollars in financial aid by year 's end .
indian media expressed outrage saturday after a state assembly sentenced five journalists of a top daily to ## days in jail and sent police to the newspaper office over articles critical of the government .
australian police launched an investigation saturday into the suspected abduction and murder of a five-year-old sydney girl .
the us military was probing saturday the crash of a blackhawk helicopter , which killed six soldiers , as insurgents demonstrated their growing strength seven months after american troops entered baghdad .
thailand 's self-assured prime minister thaksin shinawatra wants to step down after an expected second term , bringing an end to his billionaire family 's brief political dynasty , he said saturday .
the us military was probing saturday the crash of a blackhawk helicopter , which killed six soldiers , as insurgents demonstrated their growing strength seven months after american troops entered baghdad .
the inclusion of only one non-white player in the springbok side against the all blacks in saturday 's world cup quarter-final has set south african rugby back ## years , the south african union 's chief has said .
the decision to include only one non-white player in the springbok side against the all blacks in saturday 's world cup quarter-final has set south african rugby back ## years , the south african union 's chief declared .
defending champion kim clijsters completed round-robin play at the # million-dollar wta tour championships undefeated here friday , rallying to beat france 's amelie mauresmo in three sets .
all us missions in saudi arabia were closed saturday for a security review after warning of a serious threat of attacks in the kingdom , the riyadh embassy said .
al-qaeda operatives may be planning to hijack cargo jets in canada , mexico or the caribbean and use them to attack power plants and other critical infrastructure in the united states , us media reported saturday .
european champions poland pulled off a major upset victory by beating world silver medallists the united states in a tough two hours at the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on saturday .
us forces dropped two ###-pound -lrb- ###-kilogram -rrb- bombs and fired artillery shells to flatten three or four abandoned farm houses near tikrit around the area where a blackhawk chopper crashed friday .
russia , china and south korea will decide next week on whether to include energy-starved north korea in a joint project to pipe siberian natural gas into the korean peninsula , officials said .
some us soldiers were wounded saturday in an attack on a convoy in the restive town of fallujah , a us military officer said on condition of anonymity .
at least ## people were killed and four injured saturday when their vehicle fell into a river in the central indian province of chattisgarh , the press trust of india reported .
a palestinian youth was shot dead by israeli soldiers saturday morning as a major search operation conducted under military curfew sparked clashes with stonethrowers in this northern west bank town .
tanzanian president benjamin mkapa has scaled down his official activities , including making long trips , on health grounds , according to tanzania 's parliament speaker pius msekwa .
the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- has repatriated ## eritrean civilians expelled from ethiopia , according to a statement sent to afp on saturday .
five more bodies were discovered in indonesia 's north sumatra province on saturday , bringing to ### the number of people killed in a flash flood five days ago blamed on illegal logging in the province , an official said .
the us military said saturday the probe was ongoing into whether a blackhawk helicopter was downed by enemy fire or mechanical failure , as us forces dropped two ###-pound -lrb- ###-kilogram -rrb- bombs and fired artillery shells around the area where the chopper crashed .
three people died in separatist violence in kashmir , where two nepalese porters were killed by shelling between indian and pakistani forces over the de facto border , police said sat the indian army , injured a civilian and damaged two houses .
a group of militants fired rockets and small-arms fire at us-led coalition troops in northeast afghanistan but there were no coalition casualties , the us military said saturday .
the united states will not <unk> its forces from iraq until security is restored , secretary of state colin powell said in an interview printed saturday .
an iran-backed iraqi shiite party that forms part of the us-installed interim leadership has been mediating with us adminstrator paul bremer for the release of scores of iranian nationals being held by us troops in iraq , a top party official said here saturday .
standard and poor 's , the international rating agency , said saturday it affirmed oman 's foreign currency <unk> -# rating and bbb + \/ a-# local currency issue credit rating , reflecting `` continued fiscal prudence '' , strong net asset position and stable outlook .
the first world science forum opened here on saturday here bringing together ### participants from ## countries to discuss the role and challenge of science in the ##st century .
the international committee of the red cross is temporarily closing its offices in baghdad and the southern iraqi city of basra following the bomb attack on its headquarters in the capital last month , a spokesman said saturday .
the international red cross is temporarily closing its offices in baghdad and the southern iraqi city of basra following the bomb attack on its headquarters in the capital last month , a spokesman said saturday .
olympic champion jonathan edwards has called on top sports officials to provide a level playing field for the #### games in athens by including blood tests in all drugs testing .
palestinian premier ahmed qorei met veteran leader yasser arafat saturday morning to finalize the line-up of a new cabinet after a late-night compromise between the two men in a row that has blocked the government 's formation for days .
two us soldiers were killed and one wounded when a military vehicle struck an improvised explosive device in the hotspot iraqi town of fallujah saturday morning , a military spokeswoman said .
croatian prime minister ivica racan left saturday morning for the vatican where he was to have an audience with pope john paul ii .
foreign aid donors pledged to extend two billion dollars in assistance to the philippines in #### as well as dangling an additional ###-million-dollar trust fund , following a meeting in this central city saturday .
the new chief prosecutor of the international criminal tribunal for rwanda , hassan bubacar jallow , was scheduled to make his first official visit to rwanda next week , court officials said saturday .
zimbabwe captain heath streak set west indies ### runs to win the first of two tests when he declared here saturday ## minutes before the lunch interval on the fifth day .
the us postal service resumed normal operations saturday after an anthrax scare that shut down mail service to ###,### people in the washington area for a day .
the oldest man in northern europe , swede anders <unk> , has died at the age of ### years and ### days , the regional daily <unk> nyheter reported saturday on its website .
russia , china and south korea will decide next week on whether to include energy-starved north korea in a ##-billion-dollar project to pipe siberian natural gas into the korean peninsula , officials said saturday .
a majority of germans are against abolishing whit monday as a public holiday , according to a poll published by the sunday edition of the daily die welt .
a top un human rights envoy has met with tehran 's public prosecutor in a bid to gain <unk> to political prisoners , raise concerns over the killing in custody of a canadian-iranian photojournalist and press the official on newspaper closures , press reports said saturday .
around ### people staged a protest in bucharest overnight saturday against a canadian open-air mining project in the rosia montana region of central romania they claim would `` cause a disaster '' .
norwegian petter solberg edged closer to his first world championship title after stealing a few precious seconds from main rival , frenchman sebastien loeb , on the third day of the rally of great britain .
poland is ready to rotate the command of a #,###-strong multinational division in south-central iraq , an aide to prime minister leszek miller said saturday as the premier held talks here on the first leg of a mideast tour that will also take him to iraq .
the us-led coalition said saturday there are ### reported mass graves of people executed in iraq under saddam hussein , with ## sites so far confirmed to contain evidence of systematic killings .
iraq 's interim governing council on saturday welcomed turkey 's decision not to send forces to war-torn iraq , which has rejected any troop participation by its neighbors .
the international court of justice saturday postponed hearing of a dispute between the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- and uganda , apparently leaving the congolese justice minister up in the air .
norwegian petter solberg edged closer to his first world championship title on saturday after stealing precious seconds from main rival sebastien loeb on the third day of the rally of great britain .
emirates telecommunications and marine services , <unk> , will lay a new submarine fiber optic telecommunication cable link between qatar and the united arab emirates , the company said saturday .
saturday 's buddhist <unk> holiday gave sri lankans a breather from the intense political turmoil of the past five days , with most people taking time out to be with families or meditate in temples .
turkey 's foreign minister abdullah gul on saturday asked the united states not to show bias towards iraqi kurds , warning that such a move could upset the ethnic balance in the country and lead to problems in the future .
iran 's top dissident cleric hossein ali montazeri on saturday berated his country 's clergy for wielding `` absolute power '' , which he said was bad for iran .
two us soldiers were killed in fallujah saturday when their bradley armored vehicle came under attack on the highway overlooking the restive western iraqi town , us military officials said .
the us-backed governor of najaf rescinded his resignation saturday after a row with the coalition over the failure to provide adequate security protection and powers to local officials .
authorities in afghanistan 's southern province of helmand fear a surge in opium poppy cultivation this year due to the government 's failure to provide promised financial assistance to farmers , a report said saturday .
french president jacques chirac has accepted an invitation to visit sudan from his counterpart omar al-beshir but a date has yet to be set , state radio said here saturday .
at least eight people were killed saturday when tribal separatists clashed with villagers who attacked them with machetes and spears in india 's restive northeastern state of assam , police said .
french oil giant total and norway 's state-run oil firm statoil have joined talks for contracts to develop iran 's massive azadegan oil field , the state news agency irna reported saturday .
training partners henrieta nagyova and lubomira kurhajcova claimed upset victories on saturday to set up an <unk> final at the women 's open here .
a swiss man was found dead saturday in a guesthouse near the himalayan tourist haven manali in northern india , police said .
iraqi police and the us army foiled looters who swooped on a sodium <unk> plant outside the hotspot western town of fallujah saturday , the factory 's manager said .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra reshuffled his cabinet saturday , sacking five ministers and dumping a coalition government partner , the royal command said .
bayern munich president franz beckenbauer has thrown down the gauntlet to the german champions ' team of under-achieving stars by asking if they have any character at all .
the us army has arrested a onetime bodyguard of fallen dictator saddam hussein in the northern oil city of kirkuk , a military spokeswoman said saturday .
the british embassy in bahrain warned citizens on saturday of `` a high threat from terrorism '' directed against western targets in the small gulf kingdom .
west indies ' chances of snatching the first cricket test against zimbabwe on the final day here saturday disappeared with the raised crooked finger of umpire billy bowden .
the wallabies may be without their rising young back matt giteau with a serious ankle injury after reaching the rugby world cup semi-finals here on saturday .
fifteen maoist rebels and three security personnel were killed in nepal including an intelligence agent shot dead at his home , an army official said saturday .
fighting has broken out between locals and outsiders in one of the ivory coast 's central <unk> areas , according to official sources and news reports .
about ##,### supporters of georgia 's opposition marched on the parliament building saturday after its leaders called for protests until the results of a disputed parliamentary election are overturned .
peru 's defense ministry said saturday army troops killed three members of the maoist shining path insurgency in a firefight .
arab league chief amr mussa wrote to un secretary general kofi annan saturday to intervene to stop israel from the building of separation barrier cutting across the west bank .
a court in northern ireland saturday told police they could hold an algerian man suspected of crimes linked to international terrorism for an extra ##-hours , judicial sources said .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra reshuffled his cabinet saturday , sacking five ministers and dumping a coalition government partner , the royal command said .
the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- said saturday it was temporarily closing its offices in baghdad and basra amid worsening anti-us violence in iraq , including the killing of two soldiers and the downing of a blackhawk helicopter .
afghanistan has completed the first phase of elections for next month 's loya jirga -lrb- grand assembly -rrb- which will approve the draft constitution , paving the way for next year 's presidential election , officials said saturday .
peter mandelson , who was twice forced from the british cabinet amid accusations of improper financial dealings , denied saturday that prime minister tony blair had offered him the job of eu commissioner .
the british embassy in bahrain warned citizens on saturday of `` a high threat from terrorism '' directed against western targets in the small gulf kingdom .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra on saturday unveiled his new cabinet line-up which includes five new faces and sees the ouster of coalition government partner chart pattana .
iran 's national security chief hasan rowhani began saturday a last-minute meeting with the un nuclear watchdog ahead of a report on whether tehran is secretly developing atomic weapons , an iaea spokesman said .
the us military said saturday the probe was ongoing into whether a blackhawk helicopter was downed by enemy fire or mechanical failure , as us forces dropped three to four ###-pound -lrb- ###-kilogram -rrb- bombs and fired artillery shells around the area where the chopper crashed .
wolves came from behind to secure a #-# draw in their midlands derby clash with birmingham and another precious point in their fight for premiership survival .
colombian lawmaker <unk> clavijo was killed saturday in a restaurant on the outskirts of cali , police said .
an official syrian daily lashed out saturday at us president george w. bush 's vision for democracy in the middle east , rejecting `` american guardianship '' over sovereign states in the region .
iran 's national security chief hasan rowhani on saturday began a last-minute meeting with the un nuclear watchdog ahead of a report on whether tehran is secretly developing atomic weapons , an iaea spokesman said .
ukrainian elena liashenko pulled off a surprise victory at the cup of china figure skating event as she took the women 's singles title in the third leg of the isu grand prix here on saturday .
at least eight people were killed when suspected taliban attacked government offices in troubled southeast afghanistan amid a wave of renewed activity by militants who have attempted to kidnap us journalists , officials said on saturday .
a palestinian butcher in the balata refugee camp in the west bank was shot dead saturday by militants after he refused to shut his shop during a funeral for one of their comrades , witnesses said .
china will provide a ### million dollar credit line to pakistan for a variety of development projects , finance minister shaukat aziz said saturday .
reigning olympic champions the united states were paired with australia and european champions lithuania in the draw for the #### athens olympic games basketball tournament here on saturday .
several hundred israelis and palestinians demonstrated saturday in <unk> , a palestinian town east of jerusalem , against a security barrier that israel is building across the west bank , organisers said .
danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen called on democratic countries saturday to resist those who sow `` death and horror '' in iraq .
two civilians , who appeared to be working for the us-led coalition , were wounded saturday in a roadside ambush near the northern iraqi city of mosul , witnesses said .
the polisario front , a group claiming independence for western sahara said saturday it had handed ### moroccan prisoners of war over to the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- .
turkish police have seized ### kilos -lrb- #,### pounds -rrb- of heroin in operations in istanbul and in the northeast of the country , in what was the country 's biggest heroin bust ever , a senior official said saturday .
united arab emirates came from behind to defeat syria #-# in a group g qualifier for the #### asian cup here late friday .
the romanian airline tarom will halt all flights to new york as of november ## for economic reasons , and concentrate on the european market , the airline announced saturday .
four people were arrested in northern ireland on suspicion of having links with the real ira , the latest in a crackdown on the dissident republican paramilitary group in three countries this week , police said saturday .
the romanian airline tarom will halt all flights to new york as of november ## for economic reasons , and concentrate on the european market , the airline announced saturday .
the head of the danish red cross saturday assailed america 's detention of prisoners at guantanamo bay and accused the danish government of complicity .
the cause of a black hawk helicopter crash in iraq remained unclear more than a day after six soldiers were killed in iraq , the us military said saturday .
british police are developing a portable scanner that can reveal concealed guns and bombs , a spokesman for the metropolitan police headquarters at scotland yard said saturday .
barring disaster norwegian petter solberg is poised to be crowned world rally champion after blitzing his way through the second day specials in the rally of great britain here saturday .
around ### anarchists took to the streets of central athens saturday to demand the release of seven protestors detained on criminal charges for rioting during last june 's european union summit .
thousands of germans , mainly children , besieged bookshops throughout the country overnight in the hope of buying the fifth installment of the adventures of harry potter the teenage wizard .
the head of iraq 's biggest shiite muslim group , abdul aziz al-hakim , was promised continued `` saudi assistance for the iraqi people '' at a meeting with crown prince abdullah bin abdul aziz , his son and spokesman said saturday .
iran will next week give the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- letters agreeing to unannounced un inspections of its nuclear <unk> and confirming it will suspend the enrichment of uranium , the two sides said saturday .
several thousand demonstrators protested saturday at dannenberg in northern germany against the return of treated nuclear waste from france .
the european union voiced concern over what it called attempts to muzzle freedom of speech in ukraine after the opposition backing top liberal foe of scandal-tainted president leonid kuchma was forced to cancel a congress , in a statement received here saturday .
pat eddery retired from race riding here saturday after a career spanning four decades in which he marked himself down as one of the greatest jockeys of all time .
vietnamese defense minister pham van tra left hanoi early sunday for a landmark visit to the united states .
howard dean , a leading democratic candidate in the #### us presidential race , announced saturday he would not accept us federal government campaign funds .
police in the former soviet republic of georgia threatened to use force late saturday to disperse a group of protesters who had blocked a road , effectively preventing president eduard shevardnadze from leaving for home .
spanish prime minister jose maria aznar stood firm saturday in a simmering row over eu voting rights , <unk> madrid keep favourable voting rights it secured at a summit three years ago .
freddie ljungberg 's late winner against spurs ensured arsenal will go into the two-week international break with their unbeaten record and their premiership lead intact .
a series of loud explosions was heard in the iraqi capital late saturday .
two military corps dominated by rival warlords are to be combined in a bid to end fighting between their militiamen which has plagued northern afghanistan , a defense ministry official said saturday .
the special un envoy for the humanitarian crisis in the horn of africa on saturday called for joint efforts to help end food shortages in both ethiopia and eritrea , where ## million people are affected by drought .
middlesbrough 's recent revival gathered pace with a #-# win over aston villa , who increasingly look like they could be facing a relegation battle for the rest of the season .
the spanish government has called in scientists to assess the continuing damage to the environment from the oil tanker prestige , which sank off its northwestern coast one year ago , spanish media said on saturday .
southampton survived the sending-off of swedish defender michael svensson to claim a point in a goalless draw with bolton in the premiership here saturday .
holders great britain and ireland will take a two point lead over continental europe into the final day of the seve trophy here on sunday after a dramatic third day 's play at the campo de golf <unk> el <unk> on saturday .
around #,### people marched through central rome on saturday to protest against the security barrier that israel is building across the west bank .
celtic capped a memorable week by knocking five goals past dunfermline at parkhead to pull eight points clear at the top of the scottish premier league on saturday .
croatia on saturday rejected doubts cast on the feasibility of its goal of joining the european union in #### by a top british think tank .
a group of ### moroccan prisoners of war , freed by the polisario front which is fighting for independence for western sahara , arrived in this southwestern town saturday , the official moroccan map news agency said .
leeds boss peter reid was adamant on saturday that he will soldier on despite watching his team crash to a humiliating #-# defeat against portsmouth here on saturday .
protesters in the former soviet republic of georgia who had been blocking a road leading from the presidential administration building in the capital have dispersed .
britain on saturday pinpointed bahrain and qatar as countries where there was `` a high threat from terrorism '' against western targets .
empoli are still looking for their first win of the season after losing #-# at sampdoria on saturday .
several thousand people marched through central rome on saturday to protest against israel 's construction of a security barrier across the west bank .
a round was fired toward the closed off us-led coalition 's fortress-like baghdad compound saturday , but the shell fell short , a military spokesman said .
turkish authorities were on saturday looking into the possible suspicious deaths of two german women and a turkish man whose naked bodies were found buried in a remote area three weeks after they went missing .
croatian police have seized ## kilograms -lrb- ## pounds -rrb- of heroin on a crossing bordering serbia and montenegro , the hina news agency reported on saturday .
the mexican government has warned that the country faces an economic and debt crisis unless a resistant congress moves swiftly to pass a key budget package presented this week .
the appointment of a new leader has failed to boost britain 's main opposition conservatives in the polls , according to a survey released on saturday .
the norwegian oil company statoil denied saturday a report from tehran that it was linking up with a french firm to win contracts to operate a major field in southwest iran .
threats against president nestor kirchner have further fouled argentina 's air of insecurity , after the government launched a drive to clean up the corrupted police force .
election officials in georgia announced late on saturday they were suspending the counting of ballot papers in the general election because of the large number of complaints about irregularities .
iranian nobel peace prize winner shirin ebadi said in an interview to appear monday that muslim women living in europe should be free to wear the headscarf required by islam .
election officials in georgia announced late on saturday they were suspending the counting of ballot papers in the general election because of the large number of complaints about voting irregularities .
norwegian petter solberg will be crowned world rally champion for the first time in his career on sunday as long as he keeps closest challenger sebastien loeb at bay and avoids a repeat of the nightmare finish endured on the same course by spain 's carlos sainz here five years ago .
former zimbabwe test pace bowler henry olonga admitted on saturday that he will probably never play cricket again after undergoing knee surgery .
serbia and montenegro president svetozar marovic urged the authorities in the country to reconsider their <unk> to transfer four indicted serbian generals to the un war crimes tribunal , tanjug news agency reported saturday .
thirty-one people were killed and ## others injured in the northeastern city of port sudan when a crowd rushed to collect charity donations , a minister told afp saturday .
australia won the opening test of the ashes series but it was only in the closing minutes that they were able to finally kill off a battling great britain side who had played virtually the entire match with ## men .
a powerful blast was heard in the saudi capital riyadh toward midnight -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- saturday , an afp correspondent reported .
a powerful blast was heard in the saudi capital riyadh toward midnight -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- saturday , an afp correspondent reported .
southampton survived the sending-off of swedish defender michael svensson to claim a point in a goalless draw with bolton in the premiership here saturday .
a small private plane crash-landed in a sugar cane field saturday shortly after take-off from georgetown airport for a mining location in guyana 's jungle , killing one crewman and injuring six other persons aboard , officials said .
nigeria said on saturday it would not give in to intimidation from anyone after the united states slapped a two-million-dollar bounty on the head of former liberian leader charles taylor , who has been granted asylum by abuja .
the pentagon has agreed to turn over air defense records that a federal commission probing the september ## attacks had subpoenaed , citing defense department foot-dragging .
election officials in georgia announced late on saturday they were suspending the counting of ballot papers in the general election because of the large number of complaints about voting irregularities .
former zimbabwe test pace bowler henry olonga admitted on saturday that he will probably never play cricket again after undergoing knee surgery .
a powerful explosion went off at a residential compound in a western suburb of riyadh toward midnight -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- saturday , and dozens of ambulances were seen racing to the site of the blast , an afp correspondent and residents said .
the syrian prime minister accused the united states of incoherence , pointing out that washington was naming a new ambassador to damascus while congress was debating imposing sanctions on his country .
a boatload of suspected kurdish asylum seekers who made it as far as a northern australian island last week are back in indonesia , the government said sunday .
argentinian football legend alfredo di stefano was on saturday inducted as a citizen of honor of buenos aires .
pga championship runner-up chad campbell fired a ##-under par ## here saturday to grab a one-stroke lead after three rounds of the pga tour championship , dooming tiger woods ' bid for the us money title .
russian elena dementieva earned her first victory of the wta tour championships on saturday , rallying to beat chanda rubin in three sets and deny the american a semi-final berth that instead went to france 's amelie mauresmo .
australia will surrender their tag as world champions next weekend against the all blacks in their semi-final claimed scotland 's veteran winger kenny logan .
raja casablanca of morocco scored in each half to build a #-# lead over cotonsport garoua of cameroon saturday after the first leg of the caf cup final .
a powerful explosion went off at a residential compound in a western suburb of riyadh saturday night , wounding at least ### people , mostly children , witnesses said .
saudi arabia 's ambassador to london , prince turki al-faisal , sunday condemned a bomb attack which rocked a residential compound west of riyadh as `` a terrible event carried out by evil people whose sole aim is the destruction of the kingdom .
a saudi official said early sunday that only one residential compound in riyadh was bombed saturday night , denying a us account that three residential complexes were hit by explosions .
saudi arabia 's ambassador to london , prince turki al-faisal , sunday condemned a `` terrible '' bomb attack which rocked a residential compound west of riyadh , saying it had been carried out by an evil `` cult '' whose `` sole aim is the destruction of the kingdom '' .
former arsenal and england defender tony adams enjoyed a winning start to his new management career on saturday when his here , non-league clubs gave their professional counterparts the traditional minor shocks .
celtic manager martin o'neill has backed john hartson to fire wales into the euro #### finals after watching the welsh striker score twice in a #-# demolition of dunfermline at parkhead .
australia 's robbie kearns rallied to the support of disgraced great britain forward adrian morley on sunday after the sydney-based player was sent-off after just ## seconds of the first test .
one in eight american children show three factors that show a risk of heart disease , according to a study presented sunday at an american heart association conference in florida .
gordon strachan gave mario jardel a lesson in the scottish vernacular by labeling the brazilian striker `` a big jessie '' over the clash which led to southampton defender michael svensson being sent off during the goalless draw at bolton .
the navy has escorted a boatload of suspected kurdish asylum seekers who made it as far as a northern australian island back to indonesia where they are being held by local police , the government said sunday .
the yen closed the week down slightly friday , anticipating the release of strong employment figures from the united states and ahead of the japanese general election , while currencies in the rest of the asian pacific remained relatively stable .
a <unk> utility should pay more than six billion pesos -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in dues to the government and must maintain its ##-year concession agreement , an international court has ruled .
saudi arabia 's ambassador to london , prince turki al-faisal , sunday condemned a bomb attack which rocked a residential compound west of riyadh , saying it had been carried out by an `` evil cult '' whose `` sole aim is the destruction of the kingdom '' .
a meeting of ## countries saturday produced `` positive '' ideas in preparation for an upcoming miami summit that is to set the groundwork for a free trade area of the americas -lrb- ftaa -rrb- , us and brazilian officials said .
a prosecutor , two of her grandchildren and three other close relatives were killed in a fire in her house in the indonesian capital , the <unk> said sunday .
the national basketball association champion san antonio spurs lost another player saturday when they placed guard ron mercer on the injured list with a left ankle <unk> .
a saudi official on sunday blamed the al-qaeda terror network for the midnight bombing of a residential compound west of riyadh that killed at least one person and wounded scores .
australian todd woodbridge 's bid for a record ##th career atp doubles crown suffered a setback here saturday on an opening day of doubles shockers at the atp masters cup .
three us and three canadian citizens , all of arab descent , were among scores of people wounded when a bomb rocked a residential compound west of riyadh at midnight saturday , a hospital source said sunday .
ten palestinians were arrested by the israeli army in a pre-dawn sweep sunday in the aida refugee camp and at doha near bethlehem , palestinian security sources said .
police in full riot gear accompanied by police dogs were forced to control brawling youths at a teenage party that turned violent after hundreds of gatecrashers arrived , police said sunday .
new zealand captain stephen fleming elected to field after winning the toss against australia in a triangular one-day series match here on sunday .
the us central intelligence agency has warned that international inspections may not prevent iran from pursuing its nuclear weapons program because tehran could be using legitimate fuel production to cover up its weapons program .
a fire at a hospital in huai'an city in east china 's jiangsu province has left five people dead and two missing , state media said sunday .
the wife of a prominent american banker has been charged with murder after his body was found stowed in an underground storeroom at their hong kong home , a police spokesman said sunday .
more than ##,### people gathered sunday in central china 's hunan province to mourn ## firefighters killed after evacuating hundreds of residents from a burning building .
australian treasurer peter costello said sunday full employment was a real possibility if industrial relations and welfare reforms were approved by parliament .
ronald `` winky '' wright defended his international boxing federation junior middleweight belt with a unanimous decision over mexico 's angel hernandez on saturday .
utah jazz forward keon clark needs surgery to remove bone spurs from his right ankle and will miss at least six weeks of the national basketball association season , the team announced saturday .
the united states on saturday ordered us diplomatic staff and their families in saudi arabia to remain in their homes and not to leave the area of riyadh where embassies are located after a bomb attack in the capital , the state department said .
the united states on saturday ordered us diplomatic staff and their families in saudi arabia to remain in their homes and not to leave the area of riyadh where embassies are located after a bomb attack in the capital , the state department said .
chinese vice foreign minister dai bingguo arrived here sunday as beijing and seoul seek to agree on dates for the next round of six-party talks on the north korean nuclear crisis .
china 's largest indoor sleeping buddha statue was damaged in two earthquakes that recently rocked zhangye city in the northwestern province of gansu , state media said sunday .
sri lanka 's government was sunday set to discuss the future of its peace process with the main international backers of the norwegian-led initiative , chief negotiator g. l. peiris said .
taiwan 's vice president annette lu has called on parliament to better safeguard human rights by approving a draft of the country 's first `` human rights basic law '' , including the abolition of the death penalty , an official said sunday .
china 's stringent requirements over companies ' hiring of foreigners are being criticized by some human resources experts who urge the government to make it easier to tap badly-needed talent , state media said sunday .
australian utility back matt giteau has been given only a ## percent chance of being fit in time for the world cup semi-final against new zealand in sydney on saturday .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi sunday urged thousands of its ruling national front coalition members to be ready for a snap general election and strive for victory .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale swayed buildings in northeastern taiwan sunday , seismologists said , but there were no immediate reports of damage or casualties .
a british military vehicle was hit by an explosion sunday morning in the southern port city of basra , police and eyewitnesses said .
australia were dealt a double injury blow on sunday with the news that both flanker george smith and half-back matt giteau are on the doubtful list for the semi-final against new zealand .
the number of dead bodies from a flash flood six days ago in indonesia 's north sumatra province had inched up to ### by sunday and about the same number of people were still missing , an official said .
sri lanka 's beleaguered government has asked its international backers to examine the possibility of getting president chandrika kumaratunga to handle the peace process with tamil tiger rebels , a minister said sunday .
the stand-off in the former soviet republic of georgia between the opposition and president eduard shevardnadze took a unexpected turn sunday when the embattled head of state mingled and chatted with the protesters calling for his resignation .
opposition leader and former president mohamed khouna ould haidallah was arrested at his home on sunday morning by police , his entourage said .
newly-installed malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi sunday urged members of his ruling national front coalition members to ready for a snap general election and strive for victory .
the stand-off in the former soviet republic of georgia between the opposition and president eduard shevardnadze took an unexpected turn sunday when the embattled head of state mingled and chatted with the protesters calling for his resignation .
sri lanka 's beleaguered government has asked its international backers to examine the possibility of getting hostile president chandrika kumaratunga to handle the peace process with tamil tiger rebels , a senior minister said sunday .
opposition leader and former president mohamed khouna ould haidallah was arrested at his home on sunday morning by police , his entourage said .
protest mounted in malaysia against the united states sunday for a safety warning to americans in the country , with one senior minister <unk> the advisory an unfair warning .
two miners died sunday from falling rock in a coal mine in the russian far north , bringing to ## the number of deaths in mining accidents in the past fortnight in russia , the itar-tass news agency reported .
a british army jeep was hit by an explosion sunday morning in the southern port city of basra , police and eyewitnesses said .
myanmar 's political stalemate has heightened after aung san suu kyi told a un envoy she would refuse her freedom unless colleagues were also released , but the <unk> icon remains committed to political dialogue , a diplomat said sunday .
hundreds of journalists sunday went on a day-long fast in the southern indian city of madras in protest at the government 's sentencing of six journalists to ##-day jail terms for writing articles critical of the administration .
about ##,### south korean union activists rallied here sunday in protest at the government 's labor policy , vowing to push ahead with a nationwide strike this week .
the african development fund -lrb- afdb -rrb- is to give ethiopia ## million dollars aid to finance agricultural projects , the bank said in a statement released here on sunday .
former springbok coach nick mallett called sunday for the mass resignation of south africa 's rugby chiefs following the national side 's ignominious ##-# quarter-final defeat by new zealand in the world cup .
islamist opposition leader hassan al-turabi is urging the government to allow the sudanese to elect their leaders , protest freely and set up media outlets without a licence , a newspaper reported sunday .
alex ferguson is set to agree a new deal with manchester united that would see the scot stay as manager of the club beyond #### .
release of afghanistan 's draft constitution is an important step along the country 's road to democracy , a un spokesman said on sunday .
a palestinian who was wounded in clashes with the israeli army three days ago died of his wounds sunday , palestinian medical sources and his family said .
a fire at a hospital and another fire at a leather market , both in east china 's jiangsu province , left ## people dead and two missing , state media said sunday .
world champions italy outgunned european champions poland to keep themselves in contention with a #-# win-loss record at the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on sunday .
angry south korean union activists hurled firebombs and rocks at riot police sunday as a huge protest against the government 's labor policy turned violent .
myanmar 's political stalemate has heightened after aung san suu kyi told a un envoy she would refuse her freedom unless colleagues were also released , but the democracy icon remains committed to political dialogue , diplomats and analysts said sunday .
pope john paul ii beatified five new `` <unk> '' of the roman catholic church at a ceremony in st peter 's square on sunday , bringing them to the threshold of full sainthood .
some ## people have been arrested in iran 's clerical capital of qom after police broke up a crowd that had assembled to watch the rumored execution of a <unk> <unk> , the <unk> newspaper reported sunday .
angry south korean union activists hurled firebombs and rocks at riot police sunday as a huge rally against the government 's labor policy turned violent .
henrieta nagyova won her second women 's open title in pattaya on sunday when she defeated <unk> lubomira kurhajcova #-# #-# .
the united states will maintain military personnel in sri lanka to train local troops despite president chandrika kumaratunga taking over the defense portfolio in a power struggle , diplomats said sunday .
ireland skipper keith wood announced his retirement from all rugby here sunday following the ##-## world cup quarter-final defeat to france .
one person has been killed and ## injured after a tour coach collided with a light goods vehicle in hong kong sunday , a police spokeswoman said .
india sunday successfully tested a supersonic cruise anti-ship missile , it is jointly developing with russia , from a launch site in the eastern state of orissa , defense officials said .
india sunday successfully tested a supersonic cruise anti-ship missile , it is jointly developing with russia , from a launch site in the eastern state of orissa , defense officials said .
a player from the dominican republic was kicked out of the world cup women 's volleyball tournament after testing positive for a banned medicine , it was announced sunday .
iran on sunday promptly condemned a suicide car bombing in the saudi capital riyadh , with foreign minister kamal kharazi branding the attack as `` inhuman '' .
the gulf cooperation council condemned sunday the `` cowardly and terrorist '' bombing overnight of a housing complex which killed at least five people and wounded ### in member state saudi arabia .
municipal elections got under way calmly in rural areas of madagascar sunday , a vote expected to consolidate the support base of president marc ravalomanana .
michael bevan set up depleted australia 's ##-run victory over new zealand with an unbeaten ## under pressure in a triangular one-day series match here on sunday .
sri lanka 's sacked defense minister acknowledged sunday that a rebel tamil tigers ' camp near trincomalee posed a threat to the eastern port , but denied he had been lax in his duties as claimed by president chandrika kumaratunga .
four students of a nursing academy in indonesia 's west sumatra province drowned while five others remained missing after their boat capsized while crossing a river , a report said sunday .
a mentally deranged thai policeman was charged with murder sunday for killing a man who tried to intervene in a bizarre stand-off by grabbing the officer 's gun , police said .
thousands of angry south korean union activists attacked riot police with rocks and firebombs sunday as a huge rally turned into the most violent protest yet against the country 's troubled president .
britain 's special representative to iraq , jeremy greenstock , reiterated over the weekend that handing over power to the iraqis must be done rapidly .
russia condemned sunday as a `` barbaric act '' the bombing overnight of a housing complex which killed at least five people and wounded some ### in saudi arabia .
the police chief in india 's western city of bombay was questioned by special investigators sunday in connection with a multi-million dollar counterfeit stamp paper scam , officials said .
pakistan on sunday expressed shock and grief over a suicide car bomb blast in the saudi capital riyadh overnight that ripped through a residential compound killing five people and <unk> complex .
india captain sourav ganguly on sunday said he was keen to play in the remaining two league matches of the ongoing triangular one-day cricket series after regaining fitness .
a thai man crept into the guinness book of world records sunday by spending ## days in a glass room with #,### centipedes , ## months after his girlfriend broke the record for living with deadly scorpions .
spain 's embassy in baghdad will soon reopen , visiting spanish foreign minister ana palacio said sunday .
bangladesh sunday said it was concerned over a suicide blast in saudi arabia particularly as the incident came during the muslim holy month of ramadan .
british foreign secretary jack straw on sunday condemned a deadly bomb attack on a residential compound in saudi arabia as an act of `` hideous barbarity '' .
israel warned sunday that palestinian leader yasser arafat will seek to undermine the new palestinian cabinet and urged its ministers to choose the path of democratic reforms .
two palestinians , one of them a young boy , who were wounded during recent israeli army operations in the west bank , died of their wounds on sunday , palestinian medical sources said .
a man was shot dead by firing squad here sunday for the murder of a guatemalan religious worker , the ninth person to be executed in chad in less than a week over the protests of human rights groups .
a top un human rights envoy visiting iran has met with family members of prisoners jailed for speaking out against the regime and students jailed during unrest in #### , press reports said sunday .
german politicians and victims ' associations marked sunday the ##th anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall , which for almost ## years was a symbol of europe 's cold war division .
a powerful bomb exploded at the official residence of the governor of zabul province in southeastern afghanistan overnight , causing damage to the building but no casualties , a senior official said sunday .
local administrators are appealing to khartoum to intervene in sudan 's western darfur region to check attacks by arab militias which have left a total of ## people dead , a newspaper reported sunday .
former yugoslav army chief nebojsa pavkovic , indicted for war crimes over atrocities during the war in kosovo , is refusing to give himself up to the un tribunal , the tanjug news agency said sunday .
hundreds of palestinians joined by israeli and foreign peace activists demonstrated sunday in several west bank cities and villages against israel 's security barrier .
a roman catholic archbishop in northern uganda on sunday assailed the government for arming civilians against the rebel lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- , blamed for killing scores of villagers in recent days .
more than ##,### people gathered sunday in central china 's hunan province to mourn ## firefighters killed after evacuating hundreds of residents from a burning building .
french lock olivier <unk> will miss the rest of the world cup after injuring his right shoulder , team manager jo maso said sunday .
former yugoslav army chief nebojsa pavkovic , indicted for war crimes over alleged atrocities during the war in kosovo , is refusing to give himself up to the un tribunal , the tanjug news agency said sunday .
polls opened early sunday as guatemalans cast ballots to choose a new president and congress , amid fears that supporters of former dictator efrain rios montt may turn violent if he loses his presidential bid .
bangladesh 's foreign minister morshed khan said sunday he hoped sri lanka 's political crisis would not affect the peace process with tamil tiger rebels .
french lock olivier <unk> will miss the rest of the world cup after injuring his right shoulder , team manager jo maso said sunday .
authorities in lagos , backed by armed police , sunday launched a massive clean-up campaign during which hundreds of makeshift and illegal structures , shops and stalls were destroyed .
iran will in the coming days implement its pledge to suspend uranium enrichment activities in line with demands from the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- , a foreign ministry spokesman said sunday .
naoto kan , the leader of the democratic party of japan -lrb- dpj -rrb- , the largest group challenging prime minister junichiro koizumi 's liberal democratic party -lrb- ldp -rrb- , said sunday he would try to form a coalition government if the ldp failed to win ### seats in the general election .
norwegian petter solberg , in a subaru , was crowned the new world rally champion here sunday after winning the rally of great britain , the final race of the season .
norway has bought nearly ## million dollars worth of arms from israel since february , the country 's defense minister said , an admission which sparked strong protests from the opposition .
german president johannes rau marked sunday the anniversary of the nazi `` kristallnacht '' pogrom , inaugurating a jewish cultural center targeted in a foiled neo-nazi bomb plot .
norwegian petter solberg , in a subaru , was crowned the new world rally champion here sunday after winning the rally of great britain , the final leg of the season .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said sunday his incumbent three-party coalition would declare victory if the ruling camp secures a majority in the general election .
german politicians and victims ' associations marked sunday the ##th anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall which for almost ## years was a symbol of europe 's cold war division .
british troops , diplomats and residents on sunday held a solemn remembrance day service in a kabul cemetery in which lie the dead from the first afghan wars in the ##th century .
the head of a `` reform '' faction within algeria 's national liberation front -lrb- fln -rrb- , abdelaziz belkhadem , has called for the divided ruling party to hold a reconciliation congress in late december .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said sunday his incumbent three-party coalition would declare victory if the ruling camp secures a majority in the general election .
norwegian petter solberg , in a subaru , was crowned the new world rally champion here sunday after winning the season-ending rally of great britain .
members of the turkish parliament 's human rights commission on sunday began investigating claims of systematic torture and maltreatment of juvenile prisoners in the western province of izmir , a human rights activist said .
chinese director huo jianqi 's film `` <unk> '' won the top honors for best film with a cash reward of ##,### dollars at the ##th tokyo international film festival here sunday .
bangladesh 's self-exiled feminist writer taslima nasreen was sunday sued for one billion taka -lrb- #.## million dollars -rrb- by a fellow author who says she defamed him in her latest book .
a top un human rights envoy visiting iran has met with family members of prisoners jailed for speaking out against the regime and students jailed during unrest in #### , press reports said here sunday .
us warplanes dropped three ###-pound -lrb- ###-kilogramme -rrb- bombs around the iraqi town of fallujah after three soldiers were wounded in an ambush and a second patrol came under fire , the military said sunday .
a un special humanitarian envoy arrived sunday in eritrea , where an estimated #.# million people have been affected by a severe drought , according to the united nations .
the gulf cooperation council condemned sunday the `` cowardly and terrorist '' bombing overnight of a housing complex which killed at least ## people and wounded ### in member state saudi arabia .
the us military has detained ## people in connection with last month 's rocket attack on baghdad 's rashid hotel which killed a us colonel and wounded ## others , an army spokesman said sunday .
bayern munich manager ottmar hitzfeld says he is prepared to sign a defensive anchor to bolster a defense that is all at sea .
bayern munich manager ottmar hitzfeld says he is prepared to sign a defensive anchor to bolster a defense that is all at sea .
spain 's foreign ministry on sunday warned spanish nationals traveling to saudi arabia in the weeks ahead to be on alert following a suicide bombing in the kingdom which killed at least ## people .
germany sunday condemned a suicide bombing in saudi arabia which killed at least ## people and injured more than ### as a `` barbaric act against civilians , '' the foreign ministry said .
ten people including two children were killed in separate incidents in indian kashmir overnight and on sunday , a police spokesman said .
french star robert pires fears the two-week international break could derail arsenal 's title charge just as the gunners appear to be hitting their stride .
much of the world sunday condemned the `` terrorist '' bomb attack in the saudia arabian capital of riyadh , which the saudi ambassador here said was a plot by an `` evil cult '' to destroy the kingdom .
norwegian petter solberg , in a subaru , was crowned world rally champion for the first time here sunday after winning the season-ending rally of great britain .
popular subaru driver petter solberg can now confidently hide his <unk> shoes in the cupboard - after confirming his status as the world 's fastest rally driver here on sunday .
hundreds of journalists sunday went on a day-long fast in the southern indian city of madras in protest at the government 's sentencing of six journalists to ##-day jail terms for writing articles critical of the administration .
the situation in georgia , where thousands of protestors are demanding the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze , is running out of control , the republic 's defense minister said sunday , according to the itar-tass news agency .
indian deputy prime minister lal krishan advani will attend the swearing in of maldives president maumoon abdul gayoom on tuesday , a statement said .
polish prime minister leszek miller met his jordanian counterpart faisal al-fayez in amman to discuss the situation in war-torn iraq and bilateral economic cooperation , he told reporters sunday .
concorde showed its continued <unk> sunday as crowds of parisians turned out to view parts of a dismembered airliner -- including <unk> , pilots ' seats and a complete set of in-flight crockery -- which go on sale at a charity auction later this week .
the suicide attack on a residential compound west of riyadh sent a clear message to the country 's armed forces and rulers that zealots are able to strike even amid the highest levels of security .
leicester back austin healey was on sunday summoned to england 's world cup camp to provide precautionary cover for the injured josh lewsey and iain balshaw .
german anti-nuclear activists continued sunday a weekend of protests against the return of highly radioactive treated atomic waste from france , organisers said .
arab states on sunday condemned the suicide car bombing in saudi arabia that killed ## people and wounded ### others , with arabs accounting for most of the casualties .
iran 's top national security official hassan rowhani is to hold talks with russian foreign minister igor ivanov on monday amid international pressure on tehran to allay fears it is secretly building an atomic bomb .
several thousand people took to the streets of the eastern spanish city of valencia on sunday to demand residence papers for immigrant workers and slam government plans for a crackdown on clandestine foreigners .
great britain and ireland retained the seve trophy with a thrilling ##-## victory over continental europe here on sunday after the final day 's singles were shared at #-# .
a ##-year-old irish boy soldier who is believed to have been the youngest <unk> a battle in june , #### .
us overseer paul bremer said sunday it was nearly time for iraq 's ##-member interim governing council to move ahead with the drafting of a constitution and present a calendar for national elections .
the lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- has terrorized northern uganda since #### in its attempt to bring down the government of president yoweri museveni and put in its place a regime based on the biblical ten commandments .
an election rally of croatia 's social democratic party , the main force in the government coalition , was disrupted sunday when a man hurled eggs at croatian vice prime minister slavko <unk> , national radio reported .
former three-time formula # world champion niki lauda will not only control his new airline , but intends to be at the controls of the aircraft himself when it begins flying later this month .
us forces have escalated their raids into the heartlands of iraqi insurgents in the last ## hours , netting more than ### suspects and seizing large weapons caches , the military said sunday .
eduard shevardnadze , the embattled president of the former soviet republic of georgia , entered crisis talks sunday with opposition leaders who mobilised thousands of protesters to call for his resignation , television reports said .
eduard shevardnadze , the embattled president of the former soviet republic of georgia , began crisis talks late sunday with opposition leaders who mobilised thousands of protesters to call for his resignation .
two powerful explosions were heard in baghdad sunday night , an afp correspondent reported .
german anti-nuclear activists ended sunday a weekend of protests against the return of highly radioactive treated atomic waste from france , organisers said .
liverpool striker michael owen has been ruled out of england 's friendly with denmark on sunday after failing to recover sufficiently from his recent ankle injury .
religious leaders based in the north of uganda sunday called on the un security council to urgently address the `` forgotten conflict '' that has killed many people and displaced over a million others in that region .
little <unk> stanley added another famous chapter to their history on sunday by reaching the second round of the fa cup with a #-# win over huddersfield town .
seven canadians were among the wounded in the suicide car bombing in saudi arabia , a foreign ministry spokesman said sunday .
arab states on sunday condemned the suicide car bombing in saudi arabia that killed ## people and wounded ### others , with arabs accounting for most of the casualties .
chelsea manager claudio ranieri dismissed talk of winning the premiership despite seeing his side follow their thrashing of lazio with a #-# demolition of newcastle on sunday .
the south florida sun-sentinel and canada 's the sports network reported sunday that the florida panthers have fired mike keenan and named general manager rick dudley as interim coach of the national hockey league team .
dado prso followed up his champions league <unk> with the only goal in monaco 's #-# defeat of ajaccio here sunday .
thailand 's hopes of making it through to the asian cup finals next year face a crucial test here on monday when they face hong kong .
us forces on sunday detained a tribal chief in northern iraq for allegedly hosting the country 's former number two who has been on the run since the fall of the saddam hussein regime , police and relatives reported .
german anti-nuclear activists ended sunday a weekend of protests against the return of highly radioactive treated atomic waste from france , organisers said .
a ceremony sunday in austria marking the anniversary of the nazi `` kristallnacht '' attack on the jews was disrupted by anti-israeli protestors , police said .
president eduard shevardnadze and opposition leaders on sunday failed to defuse a political crisis in the former soviet republic of georgia , a local television news report said .
israeli defense minister shaul mofaz was to leave for the united states late sunday for talks with several top officials during a week-long visit , officials said .
spanish title hopefuls valencia slid to a surprise #-# home reverse against racing santander on sunday as they failed to close a two-point gap on deportivo la coruna .
president eduard shevardnadze and opposition leaders on sunday failed to defuse a political crisis in the former soviet republic of georgia , a local television news report said .
two thousand people turned out in the senegalese capital sunday to welcome home opposition activist <unk> sylla from treatment in france for injuries suffered in an attack by unknown assailants .
police in northern ireland on sunday pressed terrorism-related charges against an algerian man arrested last week , officials said .
australia 's first test victory over great britain has been overshadowed by a sickening injury suffered by center phil bailey who sustained a suspected eye socket fracture in the closing stages of the match .
japan 's seiji ara and tom kristensen of denmark drove their team goh audi to victory in the le mans <unk> endurance race here on sunday .
police in northern ireland on sunday pressed terrorism-related charges against an algerian man arrested last week , judicial officials said .
one in eight american children show three factors that show a risk of heart disease , according to a study presented sunday at an american heart association conference in florida .
police in northern ireland on sunday pressed terrorism-related charges against an algerian man arrested last week , judicial officials said .
arab states on sunday condemned the suicide car bombing in the saudi capital that killed ## people and wounded more than ### others , with arabs accounting for most of the casualties .
the us embassy expressed regret that us officials were barred on sunday from visiting south darfur state in western sudan to monitor humanitarian programs .
us president george w. bush sunday assured saudi crown prince abdullah the united states stood with his country in the wake of a new deadly attack in riyadh , a white house official said .
seventeen people , including five children , were killed in a midnight suicide bombing that ripped through a residential compound west of riyadh , the saudi interior ministry said late sunday .
the man who masterminded the daring #### theft of the world cup trophy has died in obscurity , the brazilian newspaper o globo reported here on sunday .
the united states expressed disappointment sunday in a deal on a new palestinian cabinet that allows allies of yasser arafat to retain control of security .
us deputy secretary of state richard armitage met saudi crown prince abdullah bin abdul aziz here late sunday , a day after a car bomb attack against a residential compound killed at least ## people in the saudi capital .
advertising executive maurice saatchi was named co-chairman of britain 's opposition conservative party late on sunday , the party announced .
arab leaders sunday led up strong worldwide condemnation of the devastating suicide bomb attack in riyadh , which the saudi ambassador to london said was a plot by an `` evil cult '' to destroy the kingdom .
the florida panthers on sunday fired mike keenan and named general manager rick dudley interim coach .
real madrid coach carlos queiroz was in a daze sunday after his <unk> side suffered a #-# thrashing in seville .
pga championship runner-up chad campbell took his first tour title here sunday at the tour championship while vijay singh won the us pga money title and tiger woods slumped to a lackluster ##th place .
<unk> are working to make sure that bobby jindal , an american of indian descent running for state governor , is not elected to office , the head of a major <unk> group said sunday .
a gene in mice has been linked to the congenital birth defect spina bifida and the hunt is now on to see if the equivalent human gene is altered in sufferers , australian researchers said monday .
the tokyo stock exchange 's benchmark nikkei-### index opened #.### percent lower on monday after media polls showed prime minister junichiro koizumi 's coalition government had its parliamentary majority eroded in the weekend election .
the saudi ambassador to the united states assured americans late sunday that terrorists will not succeed in destabilizing the saudi kingdom , arguing that saudi people were ready to confront the scourge of terrorism .
france 's amelie mauresmo , who practically had her bags packed to go home on saturday , defeated double grand slam champion justine henin-hardenne #-# -lrb- #\/# -rrb- , #-# , #-# sunday to reach the final of the three-million-dollar wta tour championships .
australian budget airline virgin blue was valued at up to #.# billion australian dollars -lrb- #.# billion us -rrb- monday when co-owner patrick set the share price for the airline 's <unk> float .
philippines authorities are examining whether two gunmen who were killed after they briefly took over the manila airport control tower at the weekend had acted alone or had sponsors , a senior official said monday .
former springbok coach nick mallett has called for the mass resignation of south africa 's rugby chiefs following the national side 's ignominious ##-# quarter-final defeat by new zealand in the world cup .
gerard houllier has vowed to continue his bid to transform liverpool 's style of play , despite a defeat by manchester united that represented a crushing blow to his side 's championship hopes .
canadian foreign minister bill graham `` strongly condemns '' a new suicide bombing in saudi arabia that has left at least ## people dead and more that ### injured , his spokesman said late sunday .
hong kong gold prices opened higher monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
australia 's backpacking industry will call at a conference for more government assistance , warning that the country risks losing out to rivals like new zealand or south africa , organisers said monday .
colombian defense minister martha lucia ramirez resigned sunday , the presidential palace announced .
hong kong share prices rose #.## percent in opening trade monday on follow-up selective buying from last week 's gains , dealers said .
the us military has arrested more than ### people in a ##-hour period , including ## suspects in last month 's attack on the rashid hotel , but two new powerful explosions in the iraqi capital signaled continuing instability .
japan 's foreign exchange reserves -- the world 's largest -- hit yet another record high of ###.## billion dollars in october as tokyo conducted massive interventions in a bid to stem the yen 's steep rise , the finance ministry said monday .
colombian defense minister martha lucia ramirez resigned sunday , the presidential palace announced in a brief statement .
the us military has arrested more than ### people in a ##-hour period , including ## suspects in last month 's attack on the rashid hotel , but two new powerful explosions in the iraqi capital signaled continuing instability .
chinese president hu jintao monday `` strongly condemned '' the terrorist attack in saudi arabia that claimed the lives of at least ## people , the xinhua news agency reported .
a former tax inspector will face the firing squad in vietnam for killing his mistress after she broke off their relationship , police said monday .
china said monday its industrial output picked up again in october after a slowdown in september on the back of surging production of telecoms equipment , metals and electronic machinery .
china hopes for results by next year from its busy efforts to resolve the north korean nuclear crisis , beijing 's vice foreign minister dai bingguo said here monday .
denounced and all but disowned by her country of birth , miss afghanistan vida <unk> has won a special award at an international beauty contest held in the philippines .
hyundai heavy industries , one of the world 's largest shipbuilders , said its third quarter net profit fell ## percent from a year year-earlier .
australia were boosted on monday with the news that flanker george smith is likely to be fit in time for saturday 's world cup semi-final against new zealand in sydney .
colombia 's defense minister resigned late sunday , becoming the second cabinet minister to leave the government of president alvaro uribe in ## hours , a government spokesman announced .
president roh moo-hyun is to convene a meeting of his top security advisors , officials said monday , as south korea agonizes over a us request for thousands of troops for iraq .
five schoolgirls were injured in vietnam when a landmine detonator found on a military base exploded after it was set alight by a classmate , police said monday .
the new zealand government said monday it would pump an additional ## million new zealand dollars -lrb- ##.## million us -rrb- into helping pacific nations over the next three years .
a property developer faces animal cruelty charges after hundreds of rare and exotic animals were left without food in a remote part of australia , the regional government said monday .
oil prices continued to rise in asian trade monday on the back of expectations of a colder winter in the us and an iraqi oil pipeline explosion last week , dealers said .
australian tourism chiefs on monday expressed concern that other nations ' delights are luring away backpackers and set up a new panel to systematically tackle the needs of budget tourists .
india 's top trade body monday revised its economic growth forecast for the current fiscal year to #.# percent on the back of good monsoon rains and improved performance in the industrial , manufacturing and services sectors .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower monday as investors cashed out of select stocks amid political concerns over the possible impeachment of the country 's chief justice , dealers said .
philippines president gloria arroyo on monday urged countries to stiffen their resolve against terrorism following the bombing in saudi arabia that killed ## people .
malaysia has condemned the suicide car bombing in the saudi capital of riyadh that killed at least ## people but would continue to keep its embassy open , news reports said monday .
belgium 's kim clijsters reiterated sunday that her decision to skip the fed cup finals in moscow later this month is intended as a statement to the international tennis federation of dissatisfaction at the scheduling of the event .
a boatload of asylum-seekers who landed in an eastern indonesian island after being controversially turned back by the australian navy will be transferred to another island for immigration processing , police said monday .
australia 's central bank painted a rosy picture of the domestic and global economies monday , breathing a sigh of relief after being troubled for months by an uncertain outlook and an overheated domestic housing sector .
two indonesian separatist leaders who had been held in jail pending an appeal against jail terms for subversion have been released after detention warrants expired , a report said monday .
china said monday its industrial output picked up again in october after a slowdown in september on the back of surging production of telecoms equipment , metals and electronic machinery .
new zealand will review the right of foreigners to buy land in the country amid growing complaints that such sales are curbing access to prime coastal and other areas but finance minister michael cullen monday made clear the country still needs foreign investment .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower monday as investors cashed out of select stocks amid political concerns over the possible impeachment of the country 's chief justice , dealers said .
cambodian political parties ' agreement to form a coalition government is showing signs of unravelling less than a week after they appeared to end the stalemate that followed inconclusive july elections .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said monday he would retain his present cabinet lineup , after the weekend general election returned his three-party coalition to power .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent lower monday , easing across the board on the back of weaker overseas markets , dealers said .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said monday he would retain his present cabinet lineup , after the weekend general election returned his three-party coalition to power .
australian shares closed #.## percent lower monday , weighed down by bank stocks following the central bank 's quarterly statement on monetary policy which the market saw as heralding more interest rate hikes , dealers said .
the supreme court on monday struck down as unconstitutional an opposition-led attempt to fire the philippines ' top judge hilario davide , government television said .
a curfew was imposed in parts of the commercial capital of the western indian state of gujarat overnight following the death of a hindu man in communal riots , police said monday .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent lower monday , easing across the board on the back of weaker overseas markets , dealers said .
the philippines supreme court on monday struck down an attempt to fire its chief justice hilario davide , calling the opposition-led initiative in congress unconstitutional , a court spokesman said .
the flagship company of united engineers malaysia -lrb- uem -rrb- will be floated this week , marking a new start for the once key conglomerate just two years after it sank under massive debts and was taken over by the government , a report said monday .
priest holmes had ### combined yards and two rushing touchdowns and trent green threw for ### yards and three scores as the kansas city remained the national football league 's lone unbeaten team with a ##-## triumph over the cleveland browns on sunday .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi on monday condemned the suicide car bombing in the saudi capital of riyadh that killed at least ## people and expressed confidence that the government will take the appropriate steps to ensure security .
saudi arabia vowed monday not to rest until the capture of suspected al-qaeda militants who blew up a housing compound killing at least ## people , wounding about ### more and sparking world outrage .
tanzanian president benjamin mkapa is to undergo medical tests with orthopaedic experts in switzerland , a statement from his office said monday .
china said monday its industrial output picked up again in october after a slowdown in september on the back of surging production of telecoms equipment , metals and electronic machinery .
the un 's rights envoy to myanmar on monday demanded the junta release hundreds of political prisoners from their prison `` hell '' and said he was frustrated and embarrassed at the lack of progress on the issue .
south korean share prices closed lower monday as index-linked stocks came under futures-linked program selling following wall street 's weakness friday and ahead of the options expiry on thursday , dealers said .
the european central bank 's president jean-claude trichet said monday the g## group of industrialised nations was expecting a global economic recovery this year , citing strong third-quarter growth .
britain 's prince charles was set to hold crisis talks on monday to confront a media frenzy over allegations of a sexual incident involving the heir to the throne and a royal servant .
australia have slipped to rank outsiders to retain the world cup , but coach eddie jones said monday not to write off their chances in saturday 's semi-final against red-hot new zealand .
australian budget airline virgin blue said monday it hopes to raise up to ### million australian dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- through a stock exchange listing december # as it gears up for a further challenge to flag-carrier qantas .
eddie o'sullivan and keith wood may have formed an inseparable partnership as coach and captain of ireland respectively but they were split monday over who would win this weekend 's world cup semi-final between their european rivals england and france .
at least #,### university lecturers in kenya 's six public universities went on strike on monday to demand better pay , union officials said .
in a thawing of relations between the hostile neigbors , two pakistani ministers are visiting india this week marking the first visit by a pakistani minister to the country in more than two years .
suspected muslim rebels in kashmir shot dead three people , including a ruling party activist , while troops killed five rebels , police said monday .
the final installment of us sci-fi trilogy `` the matrix '' broke international box office records sunday , raking in ### million dollars in its first five days in cinemas worldwide , its distributor announced .
the european central bank 's president jean-claude trichet said monday that the g## group of industrialised nations was expecting a global economic recovery this year , citing strong third-quarter growth .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher monday , rebounding from fresh ##-month lows in the morning as institutional investors continued to pile up positions in blue chips on fundamental leads , dealers said .
bangladesh captain khaled mahmud won the toss and elected to bat in the second one-day international against england to be played under lights here on monday .
china , as a major developing country and economic power , should lead the push for another round of doha trade talks aimed at liberalizing global commerce , wto chief supachai panitchpakdi said monday .
a group from the us republican national committee flew to taiwan monday ahead of the #### presidential polls , a foreign ministry official said .
an army officer was killed and three others were wounded in a clash with a group of armed men believed to be abu sayyaf rebels in the southern philippine island of basilan , the military said monday .
iranian-american academic dariush <unk> , who was detained in iran on suspicion of spying , has been freed on bail of two billion rials -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- but is free to leave the country , a judiciary spokesman told afp monday .
german semiconductor maker infineon returned to profit in the last quarter of its business year to end-september as its production costs fell back below selling prices , the company said monday .
australian budget airline virgin blue said monday it hopes to raise up to ### million australian dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- through a stock exchange listing december # as it gears up for a further challenge to flag-carrier qantas .
peace talks between the sri lankan government and tamil tiger rebels have been postponed until the political crisis in sri lanka is resolved , the government 's chief peace negotiator g.l. peiris said monday .
jordan 's king abdullah ii has strongly condemned the devastating suicide bomb attack in riyadh that killed at least ## people and wounded some ### , including eight jordanians , the press reported monday .
prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi on monday said malaysia 's economic outlook remained strong , predicting growth of six percent for #### and vowing to keep interest rates low .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent lower monday on consolidation amid concerns that interest rates around the world will move higher , dealers said .
new zealand have regained the top spot in the international rugby board 's rankings from england .
hang seng bank , a principal member of the global hsbc group , has further expanded its network in china by opening its first sub-branch in shanghai on monday .
former us president bill clinton monday condemned the high cost of aids drugs in the developing world and warned of dire consequences if the epidemic was not brought under control .
international agencies including the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- and interpol will meet in hanoi tuesday to try to tackle the multi-million dollar problem of counterfeit medicines in southeast asia .
dutch telecommunications operator kpn said monday net profit had more than doubled in the third quarter and that it would start paying a dividend again after several lean years .
japan 's prime minister junichiro koizumi vowed monday to press on with reforms after his coalition secured a narrow win in a weekend vote that signalled a new turbulent era and the rise of a strong opposition .
british airways clawed its way to a profit during the second quarter of the fiscal year despite a `` difficult '' period including chaos caused by a strike by its staff at london 's heathrow airport , the airline said monday .
hezbollah leader hassan nasrallah said monday that his shiite fundamentalist group wanted all lebanese prisoners held by israel to be released , including samir kantar , imprisoned for ## years .
a us soldier was killed in a rocket-propelled grenade attack south of baghdad , a military spokeswoman told afp on monday .
peace talks between the sri lankan government and tamil tiger rebels have been postponed until the political crisis in sri lanka is resolved , the government 's chief peace negotiator g.l. peiris said monday .
vietnam international vu <unk> thanh was expelled monday from the southeast asian games squad for disciplinary reasons , the vietnam football federation -lrb- vff -rrb- said amid reports of his involvement in match-fixing .
the third and final installment of the sci-fi matrix trilogy dominated north american box offices this weekend , raking in ## million dollars in its opening weekend , according to preliminary figures released sunday .
state-run bank rakyat indonesia -lrb- bri -rrb- began trading on the jakarta stock exchange monday after an initial public offering which was almost ## times oversubscribed as a minister said the listing shows market confidence is improving .
us forces on monday announced a fresh operation against taliban and al-qaeda fighters in northeast afghanistan 's nuristan province , two years after the fall of the taliban .
the indonesian military will change its tactics and commander in aceh despite good progress during the first six months of an operation to crush separatist rebels , the armed forces chief said monday .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher monday , recovering from fresh ##-month lows in the morning as institutional investors took the opportunity to buy into some of the better majors , dealers said .
at least ## people , including seven members of the security forces and a civilian , were killed in a fresh outbreak of clashes with maoist rebels , an army source said monday .
british airways clawed its way to a profit during the second quarter of the fiscal year despite a `` difficult '' period including a <unk> strike by its staff at london 's heathrow airport , the airline said monday .
an army officer and two alleged muslim abu sayyaf rebels were killed while three others were wounded in a fierce gunbattle in the southern philippine island of basilan , the military said monday .
pakistani authorites are interrogating a british national suspected of links to osama bin laden 's al-qaeda terror network , the foreign ministry said monday .
the un 's special rapporteur on freedom of opinion and expression , <unk> <unk> , has been granted access to some of iran 's most prominent prisoners , a united nations source said monday .
iran 's top nuclear official was to meet russian ministers monday amid reports that moscow was planning to add its voice to strong international pressure for the islamic state to allay fears it was secretly building an atomic bomb .
hezbollah leader hassan nasrallah said monday that his shiite fundamentalist group wanted all lebanese prisoners held by israel to be released , including samir kantar , imprisoned for ## years .
at least #,### university lecturers in kenya 's six public universities went on strike on monday to demand better pay , union officials said .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent lower monday on a continued consolidation amid concerns that interest rates around the world will move higher following recent hikes in australia and the uk , dealers said .
bangladesh on monday received full backing from the head of cricket 's world governing body despite a poor record since being admitted to the test arena in #### .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi said monday the government has no plans to review the award of a multi-billion dollar rail project to local contractors despite mounting criticism .
werder bremen 's french playmaker johan micoud has revealed that he is willing to discuss extending his contract beyond #### with the high-flying bundesliga club .
environmental activists from greenpeace staged protests on monday against finnish energy group fortum 's plans to invest in the construction of a fifth nuclear reactor in finland .
arjun atwal hopes to become the first golfer from india to play full-time on the us pga tour after making history in asia with career earnings of more than one million us dollars .
indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri on monday ordered a new drive to catch illegal loggers , eight days after a flood blamed on deforestation killed at least ### people .
european stock markets lost ground in early trade on monday as an uninspiring round of corporate results failed to dispel the gloom caused by wall street 's poor finish to last week .
indonesian shares closed #.## percent lower monday on continued selling of heavyweight telkom but bank rakyat indonesia 's strong listing debut limited the <unk> , dealers said .
france utility back pepito elhorga will miss the world cup semi-final against england on sunday to attend a family funeral back home , team manager jo maso said monday .
syrian expatriates minister <unk> shaaban published monday an open letter in an arab newspaper , slamming a recent speech given by us president george w. bush on his vision for democracy in the middle east .
india 's top trade body monday raised its economic growth forecast for the current fiscal year to #.# percent on the back of good monsoon rains and improved performance in the industrial , manufacturing and services sectors .
pop diva mariah carey promised monday to dazzle shanghai fans during two concerts this week with more than the range of her <unk> voice -- she intends to wear as little as possible .
unemployment fell #.# percentage points in october in the czech republic over the previous month to #.# percent , the labor and social affairs minister said monday .
pakistani police monday beefed up security around diplomatic missions and foreign interests in southern port city karachi following the weekend suicide bombing that killed at least ## people in riyadh .
the final installment of us sci-fi trilogy `` the matrix '' has set an international box office record , raking in an estimated ### million dollars in its first five days in cinemas worldwide .
malaysian share prices closed down #.## percent monday as the market continued to consolidate with profit-taking on key blue-chips and smaller stocks , dealers said .
a ##-strong greek delegation headed by the mayor of #### olympics host city athens on monday started a <unk> visit to beijing which will host the #### games .
swiss president pascal couchepin monday said his six-day visit to india was aimed at <unk> himself with india 's views on important global issues including the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- talks .
a vice chairman of china 's xinjiang autonomous region is being investigated for allegedly embezzling up to ### million yuan -lrb- ## million us dollars -rrb- , local officials and reports said monday .
indonesia 's military chief said monday he wants soldiers to stop guarding the giant freeport gold and copper mine in papua province and other facilities because they are not mercenaries .
the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- will make a final ruling monday on a complaint by the european union , japan and six other countries that us tariffs on some steel imports flout international rules .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower monday on profit-taking after recent strong gains , and with bangkok bank falling after announcing a capital increase topping ### million dollars , dealers said .
three indian warships arrived here monday to conduct their first-ever joint naval exercises with china , in a sign that traditionally cool bilateral ties are warming .
thailand 's hospitals are facing a financial crisis caused by the government 's cut-price healthcare scheme which has left them without enough funds to buy medicines or supplies , officials said monday .
only around three percent of unregistered south african voters turned out at the weekend to add their name to the electoral rolls ahead of next year 's general elections , an election official said monday .
non-performing loans -lrb- npls -rrb- at taiwan 's domestic banks kept declining to ###.# billion taiwan dollars -lrb- ##.## billion us -rrb- or #.## percent of all loans in the september quarter , down from #.## percent from the previous quarter , the central bank said monday .
real madrid 's prolific striker raul has confessed that he would prefer to avoid playing german league leaders vfb stuttgart in the champions league after watching their performances this season .
carlsberg as said monday that carlsberg breweries has raised its stake in bulgarian brewer <unk> <unk> ad to ## percent through the acquisition of a further ##.# percent of the share capital .
south africa 's newspapers called for a mass resignation of the country 's rugby an 's afrikaans language die burger newspaper dedicated most of its front page to the springboks ' woes .
former us president bill clinton rekindled his relationship with sparring partner jiang zemin monday , discussing iraq , north korea and sino-us relations , state media said .
polish prime minister leszek miller and his kuwaiti counterpart sheikh sabah al-ahmed al-sabah met here monday to discuss the future of war-torn iraq , polish foreign affairs advisor tadeusz <unk> said .
world champions italy shrugged off a slow start to beat european silver medallist turkey for their seventh win against one defeat in the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on monday .
pakistan monday urged british authorities to break their silence on reports that mi# infiltrated and tried to bug its embassy in london , saying pakistanis were `` aghast '' and angry at the alleged operation .
dutch telecommunications operator kpn said monday net profit had more than doubled in the third quarter and that it would start paying a dividend again after several lean years .
us troops have clashed with turkish kurd rebels based in northern iraq , turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said on monday .
rubber futures prices in singapore were lower monday on lighter volumes , dealers said .
indian stocks closed #.## percent higher monday as fears of fund redemptions <unk> , while sporadic buying from foreign funds pushed the sensex past the #,### mark during intra-day trading , dealers said .
a thai doctor was sentenced to death monday for murdering his wife and chopping her body into pieces , court officials said , in a case that shocked the kingdom when it was revealed two years ago .
germany 's ig farben , the company that once made the <unk> pesticide used in adolf hitler 's gas chambers , announced monday that it was filing for insolvency .
armed abductors have freed one of four men snatched two days ago in north darfur before driving off with the other three , one a local tribal chieftain , the state 's governor was reported as saying monday .
european parliament head pat cox took italian prime minister silvio berlusconi and his political rival , european commission chief romano prodi , to task on monday and bluntly told them to stop bickering .
a moderate earthquake monday jolted bangladesh 's southeastern port city of chittagong , but there were no reports of casualties or damage , officials said .
malaysia airlines said monday net profit in the september quarter swung to ###.## million ringgit -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- compared with a loss of ###.# million ringgit in the previous quarter , reflecting a recovery from the sars crisis .
a high-powered bangladeshi business team monday left for a tour of three south east asian countries to draw investors to their cash-poor country , officials said .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower monday on profit-taking after recent strong gains , and with bangkok bank falling after announcing a capital increase topping ### million dollars , dealers said .
birmingham 's french world cup-winning striker christophe dugarry was due to undergo a scan on monday to find out the extent of a knee injury .
us forces on monday announced a fresh operation against militants in northeast afghanistan 's nuristan province , two years after the fall of the taliban .
saudi arabia , founded over ### years ago by the al-saud dynasty , today finds itself fighting al-qaeda militants inspired by a deviant interpretation of <unk> , the same puritanical form of islam that saw the birth of the muslim kingdom .
the head of the ukrainian football federation , grigory <unk> , told afp monday that he hoped his country and poland could win the right to jointly host the #### european football championships .
india on monday warned against any attempts to burden developing countries with fresh commitments under the united nations convention on climate change .
the much-delayed announcement of the palestinian cabinet line-up is an opportunity to resume meetings with israel , an official palestinian spokesman said monday .
indian stocks closed #.## percent higher monday as fears of fund redemptions receded , while sporadic buying from foreign funds pushed the sensex past the #,### mark during intra-day trading , dealers said .
<unk> side pyunik clinched the armenian league title with a #-# win over city rivals dynamo #### at the weekend .
registrations of new cars fell four percent in germany last month compared with october #### , the automobile federation announced monday , linking the decline to consumer uncertainty about the government 's reform plans .
bayern munich midfielder sebastian deisler will miss germany 's friendly match with france on saturday after suffering muscular problems following sunday 's #-# win over borussia dortmund .
former us president bill clinton met chinese leader hu jintao monday and rekindled his relationship with old sparring partner jiang zemin , discussing iraq , north korea and sino-us ties .
a top us envoy monday hailed the saudi authorities for being `` very offensive '' in fighting islamic militancy , but warned the weekend bombing in riyadh shows the global war on terrorism will be a long struggle .
spain is pushing hard for the eastern city of valencia to edge out favorite lisbon to host the next america 's cup on its historic return to europe in #### ahead of the organisers ' decision on november ## .
russian investigators called in for questioning monday the governor of the autonomous <unk> region in northern siberia , a former senior official with the troubled oil giant yukos , legal sources said .
oil prices rose on monday as traders nervously bought up supplies following a suicide bombing in saudi arabia which killed at least ## people and injured about ### more .
french president jacques chirac on monday called on wealthy nations and african countries to work together to foster peace , promote good governance and stamp out corruption on the world 's poorest continent .
richard johnson claimed a career-best #-## as england restricted bangladesh to ###-# from ## overs in the second one-day international here on monday .
sri lankan share prices fell #.## percent monday as the country 's political crisis looked set to drag on with the peace process on hold and the government saying it was ready for snap polls , brokers said .
the european union has postponed until december a vote on a request to import genetically-modified foodstuffs , which would end a five-year moratorium on such products , the european commission said monday .
indonesian shares closed #.## percent lower monday on continued selling of heavyweight telkom but bank rakyat indonesia 's strong listing debut limited the downturn , dealers said .
japan 's prime minister junichiro koizumi vowed monday to press on with reforms after his coalition secured a win in a weekend vote marked by a potentially troublesome trimmed majority and the emergence of a strong opposition .
us troops and local kurdish fighters have clashed with turkish kurd rebels hiding in northern iraq , turkish military measures , against the group .
share prices on asian markets fell monday as investors turned cautious <unk> reports said .
papua new guinea 's attorney general francis <unk> was suspended from office monday after complaining that government plans for granting autonomy to the restive island of bougainville were flawed .
bangladeshi prime minister khaleda zia monday congratulated her japanese counterpart junichiro koizumi on his re-election , saying the japanese people had voted for peace and progress .
the un world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- on monday said it has started distributing food to thousands of people who have fled an upsurge in fighting in northern uganda .
the european union has postponed until december a vote on a request to import genetically-modified foodstuffs , which would end a five-year moratorium on such products , the european commission said monday .
japan 's prime minister junichiro koizumi vowed monday to press on with reforms after his coalition secured a win in a weekend vote which left him with a weakened majority and saw a stronger opposition emerge .
afghan authorities have lost control of at least seven districts in troubled southeast zabul province , the deputy governor said monday .
the italian navy said it retrieved one dead man and five others barely alive on monday in another sea rescue of immigrants trying to make it across the narrow channel between tunisia and sicily .
schalke ## are facing a defensive crisis after captain tomasz <unk> was on monday ruled out of action for up to three weeks with an ankle injury .
pope john paul ii on monday condemned all forms of terrorism as he met with palestinian officials just two days after ## people were killed in an attack on a riyadh housing complex .
blackburn manager graeme souness says the important things in life are helping him keep a cool head despite rovers ' slump into the relegation places of english premiership .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra will press myanmar 's ruling generals to speed up the resettlement of thousands of migrants returning home from thailand , he said monday before flying to yangon .
barcelona and brazil forward ronaldinho has been ruled out of action for four to five weeks due to a pulled muscle on his right leg , the spanish club 's medical staff announced monday .
turkmenistan extended their unbeaten record with a #-# victory over sri lanka in an asian cup group g qualification match in <unk> city on sunday .
slovakian pharmacists are threatening to shut shop soon in protest against large unpaid arrears owed by medical insurers , a spokeswoman for the slovakian pharmacists association said monday .
greek authorities have outlawed an eu-funded project to improve security at the athens airport by checking passengers fingerprints and the patterns of the iris of their eyes , saying it is illegal .
eight out of ## germans see little or no indication of prejudice among their compatriots against jews , according to a poll monday , ## years after one of the darkest chapters in german history .
peter reid is expected to be sacked as manager of struggling english premiership side leeds , according to several news reports here monday .
some ## runners monday began a ### kilometre -lrb- ### miles -rrb- race which passes through the slopes of world 's highest mountain everest , organisers said .
russia has vowed to finish the construction of iran 's first nuclear power plant , a senior official from the islamic state said monday after talks with russian foreign minister igor ivanov .
seventeen people were killed in central turkey late sunday when their minibus crashed into a large truck in rainy weather , the anatolia news agency reported .
prime minister ariel sharon plans to travel to rome at the start of next week for a meeting with his italian counterpart silvio berlusconi , a source close to the israeli premier said monday .
police on monday evacuated some #,### people from their homes in northern france to enable experts to defuse a ###-kilo -lrb- ###-pound -rrb- british bomb left over from world war ii .
the asian development bank is to accord tajikistan a credit of ### million dollars from #### to #### to develop agricultural infrastructure and regional cooperation , bank president tadao <unk> said monday .
top democrats have stepped up their attacks on the george w. bush administration for its handling of the war in iraq and the fight against global terrorism , which they say has threatened us civil liberties .
leaders from liberia 's government and rebel groups are due to meet with a un-led committee monitoring the country 's fragile peace process after clashes in the northeast left scores dead , a un statement said monday .
about ## us naval personnel will be in sri lanka this month to train local sailors as part of increased military cooperation between the two countries , the us embassy here said monday .
albania 's oldest woman died over the weekend at the age of ### , local media reported monday .
at least #,### saudi police and soldiers have been deployed in islam 's holy city of mecca to protect an estimated #.# million pilgrims during the last two weeks of ramadan , a security source said monday .
an appeals court in denmark upheld on monday the extradition of a danish man to britain where he is wanted on fraud charges , the first time copenhagen has agreed to hand one of its citizens over to a country outside the nordic region .
president vladimir putin on monday accepted an invitation to visit iran , in what would be the first trip to the islamic republic by a russian head of state , ria novosti reported monday .
england beat bangladesh by seven wickets to take an unbeatable #-# lead in their three-match one-day series at the bangabandhu national stadium here on monday .
the us embassy here monday announced it would suspend operations for a week from november ## due to a `` specific '' threat against american interests in the sudanese capital .
at least #,### university lecturers in kenya 's six public universities went on strike on monday to demand massive pay increases , union officials said .
a leading south african medical journal on monday slated an eccentric diet of garlic , lemon and olive oil proposed by the country 's health minister for hiv\/aids sufferers .
french president jacques chirac on monday expressed concern over the increasing numbers of attacks against us-led forces in iraq , calling anew for a new political approach in the war-torn country .
the international ratings agency moody 's on monday raised its rating on the ukraine 's long-term bonds in foreign currencies to b# from b# and its rating for bank deposits in foreign currencies to b# from b# , the agency said in a statement .
turkish security forces have detained ## alleged kurdish guerrillas on suspicion of planning bomb attacks against military targets and tourist spots , police said monday .
vatican officials met behind closed doors monday with about ## international experts in a bid to help draw up a policy on genetically-modified foodstuffs .
a ##-year-old suspected serial killer who is believed to have murdered at least ## women over the past few years has been arrested in southern russia , the itar-tass news agency reported .
omantel , the only telecom service provider in oman , has signed a ##-million-dollar agreement with german electronics giant siemens to upgrade services , the company 's executive president said monday .
another us soldier was killed in iraq as us overseer paul bremer warned monday that terror would intensify over the next few months with the infiltration of `` several hundreds '' of terrorists into the country .
a painting by italian renaissance artist titian sold at a venice auction for #.# million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- to an anonymous private italian collector , the auction house said monday .
poland buried on monday its first soldier killed in iraq , as president aleksander kwasniewski vowed his country would press on with its mission in the gulf country .
the us embassy here monday announced it would suspend operations for a week from november ## due to a `` specific '' threat against american interests in the sudanese capital .
the us embassy in bahrain said it has no information about an imminent threat to us nationals or interests in this gulf kingdom following a warning by the british embassy and the bomb attack in riyadh that killed ## .
more than ##,### rights activists demonstrated monday in the nigerian oil city of port harcourt to mark the eighth anniversary of the execution of writer and campaigner ken saro-wiwa , witnesses said .
us stocks drifted in a narrow range at monday 's opening as investors pondered last week 's failure to rally on strong economic news .
a south african socialite and close friend of winnie madikizela-mandela , ex-wife of nelson mandela , was shot dead monday as she was on her way to attend the trial of the man accused of murdering her husband , police said .
consumer prices in the baltic state of latvia increased in october by #.# percent compared with the year before , and by #.# percent compared with september , the central statistical bureau of latvia said on monday .
the newly appointed prosecutor of the un tribunal trying alleged ringleaders of the #### genocide in rwanda began his first official visit to the east african country on monday , an afp journalist reported .
a senior us official monday told nations to steel themselves for a long fight against terrorism after the bombing on a riyadh housing complex killed ## people in what some called a strike on the heart of islam during the muslim holy month of ramadan .
six german women in their mid-##s who promise to add sparkle to even the dullest party have sold themselves in an internet auction for just over ##,### euros -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- .
jordan has demanded information on its nationals being held by the us-led coalition in war-torn iraq , a foreign ministry spokesman said monday .
a group of russian deputies called on muscovites monday to rise up in protest at the planned construction of a krishna temple at a historic city site they described as a `` place of russian sorrow .
at least ## people , including eight members of the security forces and a civilian , have been killed in a fresh outbreak of clashes with maoist rebels , an army source said monday .
all-rounder andrew flintoff stunned bangladesh with a whirlwind unbeaten ## as england scored an emphatic seven-wicket victory in the day-night second one-dayer here on monday to wrap up the series .
participants in the first ever global summit on the information society met again in geneva on monday for an extra week of talks to try to agree on a draft set of goals before the two-day conference next month .
a group of saudi clerics is offering to mediate between the riyadh government and militants to try to stop any further suicide bombings after the deaths of ## more people , one of the scholars said monday .
us forces on monday announced a fresh operation against militants in northeast afghanistan 's nuristan and kunar provinces , two years after the fall of the taliban .
an explosion has blown a hole in a statue that is part of a memorial in prague to victims of communism , a police spokeswoman said monday .
an estimated ##,### people turned out in western georgia monday at a rally in support of embattled president eduard shevardnadze , who is facing a tense stand-off with thousands of protesters in the capital .
a strike by secondary school teachers in algeria , now in its fifth week , on monday looked set to be extended to all levels of education as the north african country 's most powerful union entered the fray .
russian investigators called in for questioning monday the governor of the autonomous <unk> region in northern siberia , a former senior official with the troubled oil giant yukos , legal sources said .
israel 's security services arrested monday an arab israeli suspected of driving a female palestinian suicide bomber to a restaurant where she killed ## people in an attack last month .
russia coach georgy yartsev on monday described his side 's euro-#### play-off opponents wales as a `` strong and serious squad '' and warned his players that underestimating them would be a serious mistake .
us military engineers has begun preliminary work on building a ## million-dollar -lrb- ##.# million-euro -rrb- road bridge over the river that separates afghanistan and the central asian republic of tajikistan , the us embassy in dushanbe said monday .
the last concorde ever to take to the skies will take off from london 's heathrow airport on november ## , british airways announced on monday .
the un 's special rapporteur on freedom of opinion and expression , <unk> <unk> , said monday he has asked iran to release all dissidents , including prominent academic hashem aghajari .
six german women in their mid-##s who promise to add sparkle to even the dullest party have sold themselves in an internet auction for just over ##,### euros -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- .
defense and economic cooperation will take top priority on indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee 's `` substantive '' three-day visit to moscow , india 's foreign secretary said monday .
a kurdish fighter working for the iraqi border guard was killed and ## others wounded at the weekend in a clash with gunmen near the turkish border , a us army spokeswoman said monday .
the romanian unemployment rate fell to #.# percent of the workforce in september from #.# percent in august , the national statistics institute reported monday .
the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- said monday that us tariffs on some steel imports flouted international rules and should be amended , rejecting an appeal by the united states .
former president general amin al-hafez has returned to syria after a ##-year exile spent largely in iraq , a former top aide said monday .
slovak prime minister mikulas dzurinda was due to arrive in israel late monday to begin a three-day visit which will feature talks with his counterpart ariel sharon , an israeli government statement said .
a former soldier in the british army stood trial monday in germany accused of attempted murder in a #### irish republican army mortar bomb attack on a british military barracks .
turkish police have detained two people following the death of two german women and their turkish friend near a popular mediterranean resort town , anatolia news agency reported monday .
wales manager mark hughes could travel to moscow this week without a few key players ahead of their first leg play-off against russia in the race to qualify for the #### european championships .
england coach sven-goran eriksson named chelsea 's teenage defender glen johnson and charlton midfielder scott parker in the squad for sunday 's friendly against denmark and said they could force their way into his euro #### lineup .
the us supreme court agreed monday to examine the legality of holding foreigners , accused of fighting for al-qaeda and the taliban , at the us guantanamo military base in cuba .
the un 's special rapporteur on freedom of opinion and expression , <unk> <unk> , said monday he has asked iran to release all dissidents , including prominent academic hashem aghajari .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan will visit northern cyprus on saturday for talks with the turkish-cypriot leadership and opposition ahead of crucial elections , his office said .
vietnam 's defense minister lieutenant general pham van tra is in the united states for a historic visit highlighting the thaw between the two sides since the vietnam war .
the united states said monday it `` disagrees '' with a world trade organization ruling that washington 's steel tariffs violate global trading rules , and said it would review the decision `` carefully .
the united states said monday it `` disagrees '' with a world trade organization ruling that washington 's steel tariffs violate global trading rules , and said it would review the decision `` carefully .
the united states on monday lifted restrictions on the movement of us diplomats and their families in saudi arabia that had confined them to riyadh 's heavily protected diplomatic enclave since a deadly weekend suicide attack in the capital .
six german women in their mid-##s who promise to add sparkle to even the dullest party have sold themselves in an internet auction for just over ##,### euros -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- .
oil prices steadied on monday as a rally prompted by a suicide bombing in saudi arabia which killed at least ## people eventually ran out of steam .
netherlands coach dick advocaat has recalled striker ruud van nistelrooy for the first of two euro #### qualifying playoffs against scotland in glasgow on saturday .
leading spanish oil group repsol ypf on monday unveiled an ##.#-billion-euro -lrb- ##.#-billion-dollar -rrb- investment program to #### , with just over half the cash earmarked for operations in argentina and spain , while targeting increased annual production of around five percent .
the arab league said monday it will for the first time send observers to the peace negotiations in kenya aimed at ending sudan 's ##-year civil war .
the eu could strike a free trade deal with the south american mercosur trade bloc outside the framework of wto talks despite an earlier accord to delay such an accord , an eu source said monday .
european stocks closed lower monday , with london 's ftse ### index losing #.## percent to #,###.# points .
stylish right-hand batsman rahul dravid , nicknamed ` the wall ' for his <unk> batting style , was monday voted as india 's top cricketer of the year .
lithuania 's constitutional court said on monday it had opened an investigation into whether president rolandas paksas had broken the law by granting citizenship to a russian businessman recently accused of arms peddling .
a turkish court monday cleared three people of charges of `` spreading separatist propaganda '' by publishing a book on kurdish history by iraqi kurdish leader massoud barzani , anatolia news agency reported .
residents of the guinea-bissau capital bissau and other cities in the west african country were without water and electricity on monday as utility workers launched a two-week strike .
a train carrying highly radioactive nuclear waste from france crossed into germany monday after protestors delayed it near the border by tying themselves to the rails , police said .
three people detained in northern ireland in a probe into the real ira were charged with planning an attack with illegal firearms , after a three-country crackdown on the republican paramilitary group led to several arrests last week , police said monday .
russian president vladimir putin monday stressed that everyone must be equal before the law , in remarks clearly aimed at calming passions over the jailing of yukos oil chief mikhail khodorkovsky on fraud and tax evasions charges .
spanish immigrant support group andalucia <unk> on monday called for an inquiry to be opened into the october ## drowning of ## illegal immigrants off the southern city of cadix .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi on monday said he had received a clean bill of health during an annual medical check-up apart from having the `` anti-communism virus '' , a politician said .
croatia 's main opposition party dumped a notorious hardliner monday , saying his ultra-nationalist rhetoric was damaging its image less than two weeks before general elections .
bosnian serb former prisoners of war are planning to visit the un war crimes tribunal at the hague to provide `` evidence '' against croats and muslims , a pow association said monday .
israel 's security services arrested monday an arab israeli taxi-driver suspected of driving a female palestinian suicide bomber to a restaurant where she killed ## people in an attack last month .
a turkish woman locked her rich industrialist husband naked in the bathroom for three years claiming he was mentally disturbed , press reports said monday after the man was released .
indian civil aviation minister rajiv pratap rudy said monday that the government was considering leasing planes for state-run alliance air to replace its ageing jets .
the yen continued to post solid gains in late trades monday despite some uncertainty surrounding the outcome of weekend elections in japan , analysts said here .
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee will sign four pacts on boosting business and technical cooperation with syria during his three-day visit to the country , india 's foreign secretary kanwal sibal said on monday .
lesotho police fired on a union-led protest march on monday , leaving at least one person dead and many others injured , a hospital official said in the mountain kingdom 's capital maseru .
in a thawing of relations between the hostile neighbors , two pakistani ministers are visiting india this week marking the first visit by a pakistani minister to the country in more than two years .
a huge new church , able to accommodate more worshippers than st. peter 's cathedral in rome , opened unofficially in the south of italy this weekend almost ## years after construction began .
nato secretary general lord robertson will receive the highest us civilian honor , the `` medal of freedom , '' from us president george w. bush on november ## , the white house said monday .
the sudanese government on monday denied it banned us officials from visiting south darfur state in the west of the country to monitor humanitarian programs , saying they failed to follow procedures .
european stock markets lost ground in quiet pre-holiday trading monday as an uninspiring round of corporate results failed to dispel gloom caused by wall street 's soft start , dealers said .
a senior us official defended monday the united states ' controversial military alliance with uzbekistan and promised to push for human rights reform in the central asian republic .
two top chilean army officers were dismissed following charges that they spied on an argentinian diplomatic mission , the defense ministry announced monday .
the new un police chief for war-torn liberia , mark <unk> , has arrived in monrovia to take up his post as the head of an eventual #,###-strong police force , it was announced monday .
under-fire springbok coach rudolf straeuli on monday said he `` had no regrets '' following south africa 's dismal performance in the rugby world cup #### , sidestepping questions about calls for his resignation .
israeli troops arrested an activist of palestinian leader yasser arafat 's fatah group during an incursion monday into the west bank town of nablus , palestinian security sources and witnesses said .
russian president vladimir putin monday stressed that everyone must be equal before the law in remarks clearly aimed at calming passions over the jailing of yukos oil chief mikhail khodorkovsky on fraud and tax evasions charges .
former romania national rugby union coach bernard charreyre said monday that he turned down an offer to continue as coach after the world cup .
bulgari hotels and resorts , a joint venture between bulgari and <unk> international , plans to develop a five star hotel in bali , which will open in mid-#### , bulgari said monday .
two top chilean army officers were dismissed following charges that they spied on an argentine diplomatic mission , the defense ministry announced monday .
john lee malvo , an ##-year-old accused of being one of the two washington snipers pleaded not guilty at the start of his trial here monday .
the israeli army late monday expelled a west bank palestinian accused of `` terrorist activities '' to the gaza strip , after receiving authorisation from the supreme court , the army said .
liverpool manager gerard houllier has waved away calls for him to resign following the defeat to arch rivals manchester united , saying he is determined to shape the future of the once mighty anfield club .
norwegian peace envoys arrived here late monday as sri lanka 's beleaguered government said its planned talks with tamil tiger rebels will be put off indefinitely till the political crisis is resolved .
european commission -lrb- ec -rrb- president romano prodi was to open a three-day visit to west africa in dakar tuesday that would also include stops in ivory coast and burkina faso , an ec spokesman said monday .
the irish holding company celtic resources -lrb- crh -rrb- will become the sole shareholder in one of russia 's biggest gold mines , at <unk> in the far east , interfax said monday , citing a company statement .
the israeli army late monday expelled a west bank palestinian accused of `` terrorist activities '' to the gaza strip , after receiving authorisation from the supreme court , the army said .
a turkish woman locked her rich industrialist husband naked in the bathroom for three years claiming he was mentally disturbed , press reports said monday after the man was released .
brazil star ronaldinho will be replaced by elano of santos for two world cup qualifiers after the barcelona striker was sidelined monday for a possible five weeks after pulling a right leg muscle in weekend primera liga action .
israeli troops arrested an activist of palestinian leader yasser arafat 's fatah group during an incursion monday into the west bank town of nablus , palestinian security sources and witnesses said .
the jurors in the trial of two murdered british ##-year old schoolgirls on monday visited <unk> , the small town in eastern england where they lived and were last seen alive .
president george w. bush is reviewing a wto decision that us steel tariffs violate global trading rules , but has made no decision on whether to maintain or rescind them , the white house said monday .
the trial of ## young left-wing militants accused of attempting to stage a coup in ukraine opened monday in the southern port city of odessa .
three israeli babies have died and ## others fallen seriously ill from neurological and cardiological complications in recent weeks after being fed non-dairy baby formula that lacked vitamin b# , the health ministry said monday .
turkish football authorities monday ordered the replay of a league match between istanbul giants fenerbahce and caykur rizespor after the referee showed two yellow cards to a single player .
john lee malvo , an ##-year-old accused of being one of the two washington snipers , pleaded not guilty at the start of his trial here monday .
the three us diplomatic missions in saudi arabia will remain closed until at least the end of this week , the state department said on monday , citing continued security concerns after a weekend suicide bombing in riyadh .
former world cup winner youri djorkaeff said monday that he was ready to stick with english premiership side bolton for another season .
georgia 's president eduard shevardnadze , who is facing mass demonstrations calling for his resignation , said monday that the protests were futile and warned he would not give in to threats from the opposition .
the united states on monday withheld judgement on palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei 's new cabinet , but demanded that his government take immediate action against anti-israel violence once it takes office this week .
mexico on monday arrested a us citizen accused of ## sexual assaults in his homeland , and deported him , federal prosecutors said .
a group of lawyers on monday filed a discrimination and exploitation lawsuit against wal-mart stores in federal court on the behalf of hundreds of undocumented and low-paid immigrants detained in october .
chilean authorities on monday dismissed two top military officers after army personnel were caught spying on an argentine diplomatic mission , the defense ministry announced .
iraq 's interim governing council condemned monday the weekend suicide bombing in riyadh that killed at least ## people , calling for close international cooperation to eradicate such attacks .
fifa president sepp blatter on monday criticised the the english football association -lrb- fa -rrb- for failing to act quicker over rio ferdinand 's failure to provide a sample for doping inspectors at the end of september .
the ghanaian capital accra prepared monday for a summit aimed at reviving the peace process in ivory coast , which has been paralyzed by a prolonged power struggle that has destroyed the economy of the world 's top cocoa producer .
results from municipal elections in rural madagascar were trickling in on monday , the interior minister said .
ghanaian president john kufuor offered uganda its `` unwavering support '' monday in its bid to host the #### commonwealth heads of state and governments meeting -lrb- chogm -rrb- .
european external relations commissioner chris patten voiced `` surprise '' monday that russia would make claims in a border dispute with ukraine just after moscow and kiev signed an agreement to create a single economic space .
georgia 's interior minister hinted late monday that a leading opposition party , which has mobilised thousands of protesters to call for the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze , is planning an armed insurrection .
a newspaper editor in the west african state of niger who published confidential documents faces up to seven years in jail , the state prosecutor in the capital niamey said monday .
botswanan president festus mogae on monday urged his southern african nation to commit itself to a change of behavior as part of plans to fight hiv\/aids in the most heavily infected nation in the world .
us vice president dick cheney and white house chief of staff andrew card were briefly evacuated from the white house on monday after a tourist plane violated an aerial security zone over the residence .
senior canadian officials insisted monday that ottawa still hopes for a successful conclusion of a free trade of the americas agreement -lrb- ftaa -rrb- by january #### .
spain 's juan carlos ferrero suffered a setback in his bid for the year-end world number one ranking , losing to argentina 's david nalbandian #-# , #-# in ## minutes here monday at the atp masters cup .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld said monday the united states wants other countries to provide `` a lot of troops '' to help ensure the success of us-led efforts to stabilize iraq .
bone marrow stem cells extracted from heart attack patients have been successfully <unk> into their ailing hearts and found to have restored damaged heart muscle , researchers said monday .
demonstrators invaded the television studio where one of france 's main nightly news programs was being broadcast monday and read out a statement of their claim for better unemployment pay .
a ##-year-old welsh tourist has drowned in front of his wife while honeymooning in new zealand , a report said tuesday .
the united states on monday tried to tamp down controversy over a two-million-dollar bounty for former liberian president charles taylor , suggesting the money might not be used as a reward for his capture .
spanish champions real madrid lead the way in the nominations for this year 's european footballer of the year award , with eight of their players among the short-list of ## released monday .
egyptian foreign minister ahmed maher said monday it was an `` opportune time '' for the united states to pressure israel to restart middle east peace talks , following a meeting with us deputy secretary of state richard armitage .
simona fendi , the daughter of paola fendi , one of two sisters who gave their name to the italian fashion label , has died in rome , her family announced monday .
the united states on monday pledged to work with either of the two <unk> candidates in guatemala 's weekend presidential elections , breathing a sigh of relief that ex-dictator efrain rios montt was running a distant third .
the united states said monday it looked forward to getting back to work with japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi , after voters returned his coalition to power , albeit with a reduced majority .
armenia has made substantial progress in its transition to becoming a market economy and is currently on the right path , international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- managing director horst koehler said monday during a visit to the impoverished former soviet republic .
tunisia and indonesia signed monday an agreement providing for greater cooperation in the economic and political spheres , officials said .
us secretary of state colin powell will this week be given `` the marshall award '' named for one of his personal heroes and predecessors , nobel peace laureate george marshall , who spearheaded us aid to reconstruct post-world war ii europe , organizers said monday .
three israeli babies have died and ## others fallen seriously ill from neurological and cardiological complications in recent weeks after being fed non-dairy baby formula that lacked vitamin b# , the health ministry said monday .
four of the world 's top rally drivers have been banned from driving by a welsh court on monday after being caught speeding during the british leg of the world championships last year .
rents in beverly hills ' ritzy rodeo drive shopping area have jumped ## percent over the last year , making the area the ##st most-expensive real estate hub in the world , a report said monday .
oil prices steadied on monday as a spike prompted by a suicide bombing in saudi arabia which killed at least ## people eventually ran out of steam .
health officials in canada , which reported the largest number of sars cases outside asia earlier this year , said monday they were still working on upgrading guidelines to protect the public should severe acute respiratory syndrome reappear this fall .
canada 's daniel nestor and mark knowles of bahamas remained unbeaten at the atp masters cup doubles tournament by defeating argentina 's gaston etlis and martin rodriguez #-# , #-# here monday .
the chief justice of the palestinian islamic courts , sheikh taysir al tamimi , was arrested by israeli authorities monday night at jerusalem 's al-aqsa mosque compound , israeli police and palestinian reports said .
us president george w. bush promised workers at a bmw auto plant here monday that they are proof that international trade creates us jobs -- as long as `` the rules are fair .
us president george w. bush told workers at a bmw auto plant here monday that they are proof that international trade creates us jobs -- as long as `` the rules are fair .
kansas city royals shortstop angel berroa on monday was named american league rookie of the year , edging japan 's hideki matsui in the closest vote since the current format was adopted in #### .
injury has been added to insult for the new york giants .
a french navy tug took the decommissioned aircraft carrier clemenceau , stranded off the coast of sicily for several weeks , in tow during the weekend , the french government said monday .
dontrelle willis now has a national league rookie of the year award to go along with his world series ring .
princess diana feared a plot against her , a close friend said in an interview published here monday .
john lee malvo , an ##-year-old accused of being one of the two washington snipers , pleaded not guilty at the start of his trial here monday .
the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- is witness to such widescale genocide and crimes against humanity that it is one of the worst human rights situations in the world , a un report said monday .
blackburn rovers ended their five-match losing streak with a hard-won victory over everton at ewood <unk> when he got on the end of emerton 's cross , but goalkeeper nigel martyn pushed his effort over the top .
chris white of england will referee the australia v new zealand world cup semi-final here on saturday with paddy o'brien of new zealand taking charge of the england v france semi at the same venue the following day .
lawyers for two australians held without charge at a us military base in guantanamo bay , cuba , reacted warily tuesday to a us supreme court decision to hear appeals against the men 's detention .
us president george w. bush told workers at a bmw auto plant here monday that they are proof that international trade creates us jobs -- as long as `` the rules are fair .
england coach sven-goran eriksson said monday he is still fighting to receive money owed to him by benfica from his spell as the portuguese giant 's manager more than a decade ago .
ecuadoran maximo efrain jaramillo , wanted in the united states on drug distribution charges , was extradited from colombia to america on monday where he will face drug-trafficking charges in california .
two very different men , a shaman and a businessman , began campaigning monday for a year-end runoff for guatemala 's presidency .
palestinian leader yasser arafat condemned the `` terrorist '' suicide bombing in riyadh , in messages to saudi king fahd and the country 's crown prince , the palestinian news agency wafa reported monday .
washington should quickly upgrade facilities at a us military airbase on portugal 's mid-atlantic azores islands so that it can better serve us missions abroad , a us congressman said monday after a visit to the remote base .
un secretary general kofi annan and ecuadoran president lucio gutierrez met monday to discuss the country 's foreign debt and colombia 's civil war , which is spilling into ecuador .
saudi king fahd on monday vowed a `` stiff retaliation '' against terrorists after the devastating suicide attack that killed ## people at a riyadh housing compound at the weekend , the official spa news agency reported .
the final movie in the mega-hit `` matrix '' series roared to victory at north america 's box office last weekend , but failed to live up its predecessor 's stellar debut , figures showed monday .
share prices in tokyo opened lower tuesday with the nikkei-### index losing ##.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
us secretary of state colin powell on monday delivered a surprisingly sharp attack on iran 's conservative religious leadership , bluntly accusing them of sullying islam for political means .
a clear majority of british voters think george w. bush was wrong on iraq according to a poll tuesday , just a week before the united states president was due to arrive in the country on a state visit .
a seventh case of legionnaires ' disease has been discovered in britain amid an outbreak which has claimed two lives , government health and hospital sources said late monday .
an australian state on tuesday announced plans to refer the quashed fraud conviction of right-wing firebrand pauline hanson to its corruption watchdog .
peruvian foreign minister allan wagner tizon and china 's ambassador to lima , mai <unk> , signed an agreement monday to boost tourism and trade between the two countries .
hong kong gold prices opened higher tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the philippine congress on tuesday officially voted down a controversial resolution to impeach supreme court chief justice hilario davide , yielding to the court 's ruling a day earlier that such a move would be unconstitutional .
australia 's `` unrelenting '' economic strength was confirmed in a business survey released tuesday that firmed the case for further interest rate increases , according to a survey by the nation 's largest bank .
hong kong share prices dropped #.## percent in opening trade on tuesday on further market consolidation , reflecting weakness in global bourses , dealers said .
toronto city councilman david miller has been elected the next mayor of canada 's largest city , replacing the colorful , yet gaffe-prone mayor mel lastman , according to local media and unofficial city polling results late monday .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld called monday for `` a lot of troops '' from other countries to help stabilize iraq , after the deaths of a us soldier and a kurdish fighter working with iraq 's border guard .
south korea 's hyundai motor co. said tuesday its third quarter net profit rose #.# percent from a year earlier on gains from its stakes in profitable units .
indonesian authorities have decided to keep searching for more than ### people still missing after a november # flash flood in north sumatra province , officials said tuesday .
one person was killed another seriously injured on tuesday when a light plane crashed at sydney 's <unk> airport , a spokesman for the ambulance service said .
china announced tuesday plans to restructure two of its largest telecommunications providers , china telecom and china unicom , by transfering #.# billion dollars of state-owned assets into foreign listed companies .
unemployment will rise in the philippines next year partly because businessmen are holding off investment due to political infighting , business leaders warned on tuesday .
south korean steel makers on tuesday hailed a world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- ruling that us steel tariffs violated global trade rules , seeing hope for a jump in depressed exports to the united states .
wimbledon champion roger federer rallied to spoil andre agassi 's return from a two-month layoff here monday at the atp masters cup , taking his first triumph over the eight-time grand slam winner .
president roh moo-hyun unveiled a multi-billion dollar plan tuesday to help south korea 's indebted agriculture sector ahead of a mass rally by farmers to protest against farm trade liberalisation .
mohannad -lrb- eds - correct -rrb- ghazi al <unk> , the us-backed mayor of the shiite-populated baghdad district of sadr city , has been shot and killed in an altercation with american troops , the us military announced monday .
president roh moo-hyun and top advisers met tuesday to discuss sending south korean forces to iraq after washington appealed for more troops to stabilize the war-torn state .
one person was killed and another seriously injured on tuesday when a light plane crashed at a sydney airport , rescue services said .
asia-pacific nations are planning to establish a space cooperation grouping to better coordinate environmental protection , disaster reduction and resources exploration , state media reported tuesday .
a severe drought is causing the population of russia 's far eastern vladivostok region , numbering one million people , to suffer acute drinking water shortage , vladivostok mayor yury <unk> said early tuesday .
mohannad ghazi al <unk> , the us-backed mayor of the shiite-populated baghdad district of sadr city , has been shot and killed in an altercation with american troops , the us military announced monday .
australian police said tuesday a team of agents had been sent to france to interrogate a man suspected of planning terrorist attacks in sydney before his deportation last month .
belgium 's kim clijsters won the # million-dollar wta tour championships , dominating france 's amelie mauresmo #-# , #-# in monday night 's final at staples center .
mohannad ghazi al <unk> , the us-backed mayor of the shiite-populated baghdad district of sadr city , has been shot and killed in an altercation with american troops , the us military announced monday .
oil prices rose in asian trade tuesday following continued unrest in the middle east with terrorist attacks in saudi arabia and the bombing of an iraqi pipeline , dealers said .
philippine president gloria arroyo and her visiting kazakhstan counterpart nursultan nazarbayev agreed tuesday to forge closer business links .
a senior chinese health official has urged the government to come clean about the scale of aids in the country and take urgent action to combat the growing crisis , state media reported tuesday .
philippine share prices closed lower for the fourth-straight session tuesday , dropping #.## percent as investors locked in recent gains after wall street 's overnight losses added to the negative tone , dealers said .
hong kong share prices dropped #.## percent in morning trade on tuesday as weakness in the regional bourses and on wall street prompted continued profit taking to leave the market below the key ##,### points level , dealers said .
<unk> output in malaysia , the world 's top producer , is expected to increase nine percent this year to ## million tonnes , with prices likely to be sustained at current high levels of around #,### ringgit -lrb- ### dollars -rrb- per tonne , a report said tuesday .
japan 's mitsubishi motors said tuesday it plunged into the red , incurring a net loss of ### million dollars in the first half as stiff competition in the us market and higher promotion costs hit sales .
the new zealand government tuesday welcomed the world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- decision calling for the removal of hefty united states tariffs on imported steel .
vietnam 's public security ministry has ordered the police to be on high alert for match-fixing scams and underground gambling networks during december 's southeast asian games , state media said tuesday .
japan 's mitsubishi motors said tuesday it plunged into the red , incurring a net loss of ### million dollars in the first half as stiff competition in the us market and higher promotion costs hit sales .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday , with a #.# percent rise in telecom pushing the key indices into positive territory , dealers said .
australian shares closed down #.# percent on tuesday , led by falls in news corp. and resources stocks as the australian dollar 's rise against the us dollar raised concerns about its impact on corporate earnings , dealers said .
india 's mahesh bhupathi and max mirnyi of belarus helped their chances of taking the year-end world number one doubles ranking here monday with a round-robin triumph at the atp masters cup .
china reinsurance company will spin off two new reinsurance firms next month with foreign and private chinese investors taking stakes in both , a china re official said tuesday .
india 's mahesh bhupathi and max mirnyi of belarus helped their chances of taking the year-end world number one doubles ranking here monday with a round-robin triumph at the atp masters cup .
fourteen turkish kurds whose vessel was controversially turned away from australia will be flown from a remote indonesian island to jakarta tuesday , an international organisation for migration -lrb- iom -rrb- official said .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday , with a #.# percent rise in telecom pushing the key indices into positive territory , dealers said .
the dollar firmed against the yen tuesday on concerns the authorities would intervene to stop the yen 's rise after suspected intervention overnight when the us unit hit a fresh three-year low , dealers said .
indonesian troops have killed nine more separatist rebels in aceh province , the military said tuesday .
australian shares closed down #.# percent on tuesday , led by falls in news corp. and resources stocks as the australian dollar 's rise against the us dollar raised concerns about its impact on corporate earnings , dealers said .
chinese national basketball coach jiang <unk> tuesday lamented the asian champions ' chances at next year 's olympic games in athens after being drawn in the tournament 's toughest pool .
the manila-based asian development bank is to lend bangladesh ### million dollars as development assistance for the ####-#### fiscal year , which starts july # , #### , the finance ministry said tuesday .
taiwan share prices closed down #.## percent in modest trade tuesday as late bargain-hunting offset an early downturn in line with the overnight declines on wall street , dealers said .
south korea 's largest auto company , hyundai motor , said tuesday it managed to squeeze out a #.# percent rise in third quarter net profit but strikes , weaker local demand and a rising won hit sales and operating earnings .
three sri lankan men suspected of being tamil tiger rebels have been sentenced to five years in jail for arms smuggling in thailand , a court official said tuesday .
the wta tour championships ' stay in los angeles will likely end after the #### edition , despite improvements in attendance at this week 's event at staples center , wta tour chairman larry scott said monday .
robert mundell , who won the nobel prize for economics in #### , has become advisor to the mayor of tianjin , beijing 's port city , the state-run china business weekly said tuesday .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent lower in modest trade tuesday as late bargain-hunting offset an early downturn in line with the overnight declines on wall street , dealers said .
south korean share prices closed weaker tuesday for a second consecutive session as foreign investors took profits in blue chips , with sentiment undermined by wall street 's overnight falls , dealers said .
the government of prime minister ranil wickremesinghe said tuesday sri lanka 's peace process with tamil tiger rebels had been put in jeopardy by political turmoil triggered by the president .
the indonesian government has jailed an expatriate executive for allegedly failing to pay ##.# billion rupiah -lrb- #.## million dollars -rrb- in personal income taxes , an official said tuesday .
fannie mae , one of the largest us debt issuers , said tuesday the asian appetite for its securities is growing , even as the us dollar 's depreciation and a potential rise in interest rates next year threaten to limit returns for investors .
tim duncan and tony parker made triumphant returns to the san antonio spurs ' starting lineup monday , just in time to honor their former teammate .
a national plan to crack down on trafficking of women and children to work in the sex industry was endorsed by a meeting of officials from across australia on tuesday .
malaysia 's new prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi said in remarks published tuesday he believed he had passed the `` first week test '' as premier .
indian and nepalese are considering erecting barbed wire fencing along their border to prevent smuggling .
a chinese textile company is to invest #.## million dollars in one of bangladesh specialised export processing zones -lrb- epz -rrb- , officials said tuesday .
south korean share prices closed weaker tuesday for a second consecutive session as foreign investors took profits in blue chips , with sentiment undermined by declines on wall street , dealers said .
an australian state on tuesday announced plans to refer the quashed fraud conviction of right-wing firebrand pauline hanson to its corruption watchdog .
four alleged chinese drug dealers have been arrested in a police raid in the philippines capital , an official statement said tuesday .
a statement purportedly from renegade afghan guerrilla leader gulbuddin hekmatyar , which was made public tuesday , warned against the deployment of nato-led foreign peacekeepers beyond kabul .
australia denied bullying its tiny pacific neighbor east timor tuesday as the nations prepared for talks on finalizing a contentious martime border that will determine how billions of dollars in revenues from timor sea gas fields is split .
the israeli government said tuesday it was suspending plans to force journalists to submit applications for official press cards to the shin beth internal security service after a storm of protest .
sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe has agreed to meet political rival president chandrika kumaratunga , but flatly rejected her proposal for a unity government , a spokesman said tuesday .
malaysia 's new prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi said tuesday that there were no plans to lift the local currency 's five-year peg to the us dollar .
president roh moo-hyun unveiled a multi-billion dollar plan tuesday to ease the burden on south korea 's heavily indebted agriculture sector ahead of a mass protest rally by farmers against trade liberalization .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday , extending a mild rally after the shanghai composite index hit a fresh ##-month low , but the upward momentum was capped by concerns over a new wave of <unk> , dealers said .
the german pharmaceuticals giant bayer said tuesday it had paid out ### million dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- in out-of-court settlements so far in #,### suits connected with its disgraced anti-cholesterol drug lipobay .
the german heavy industry giant thyssenkrupp said tuesday that booked profits of `` around '' ### million euros '' -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in the year ended september ## .
germany 's trade surplus rose in september as exports grew faster than imports , data published by the federal statistics office on tuesday showed .
bangladesh has decided to open up internet telephony to the private sector , but calls will have to be made through state-run <unk> 's international gateway , officials said tuesday .
three bombs exploded in pakistan 's southwest city quetta late monday , injuring at least seven people , officials said .
consumer price inflation in germany , the biggest euro-zone economy , picked up slightly in october , while nevertheless remaining firmly under control , final data showed on tuesday .
iran 's main reformist party , the islamic iran participation front -lrb- iipf -rrb- led by the brother of president mohammad khatami , said tuesday it will not be boycotting next february 's parliamentary elections .
taiwan 's defense ministry said tuesday that the army has decided to purchase the first locally developed <unk> armored vehicle rather than to buy from the united states .
world champions australia struggled to stifle a yawn on tuesday as hosts india welcomed back captain sourav ganguly for the final stages of the tri-series .
honiara , nov ## -lrb- afp -rrb- a solomon islands police sergeant continued to be paid for seven months while on the run accused of murdering a former commissioner of the force .
commanding opener matthew elliott hit a solid ### as victoria compiled a steady ### for six wickets in their first innings tuesday on the opening day of their sheffield shield clash with queensland .
leading camera maker nikon corp. of japan said tuesday it returned to the black for the first half thanks to extra profit generated through one-off sales of its assets and stock holdings .
indonesian trade minister rini soewandi left australia on tuesday after talks with australian counterpart mark vaile on freeing up trade between the two neighbors .
a prominent activist , invited to attend a conference in beijing with former us president bill clinton , has been put under pressure by local officials from china 's aids-stricken henan province , sources said tuesday .
moderate separatists in kashmir said tuesday they were likely to stay away from a ramadan party being hosted in the indian capital by the pakistani envoy .
hong kong gold prices closed higher tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
australia coach eddie jones said tuesday he had no fears that winger wendell sailor could cope with all black flyer joe rokocoko when they face off in saturday 's world cup semi-final .
the german chemicals and pharmaceuticals giant bayer said tuesday it booked a bottom-line loss and saw its underlying earnings fall in the third quarter as business was hit by the difficult economic environment .
a toy bomb mailed to the us embassy in bangkok caused a security scare tuesday before thai police determined it had been sent as a joke to an employee along with osama bin laden toilet roll .
the german chemicals and pharmaceuticals group bayer reported on tuesday a heavy slump into loss in the third quarter as business was hit by the difficult economic environment .
dutch electronics group philips announced tuesday that it would sell ### million shares in taiwanese semiconductor manufacturer tsmc and book a <unk> gain of ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in its fourth quarter as a result of the sale .
the outlawed turkish congress for democracy and freedom in kurdistan -lrb- kadek -rrb- -- formerly the pkk which fought the ankara government for ## years -- has disbanded , it said in a statement released here tuesday .
the riyadh government mandated oil minister ali al-nuaimi to sign a two-billion-dollar gas project with a consortium led by majors royal dutch\/shell and totalfinaelf , as a leading saudi investor slammed the deal for failing to provide the massive investment the kingdom needs .
dutch electronics group philips announced tuesday that it is selling ### million shares in taiwanese semiconductor manufacturer tsmc for a tax-free capital gain of ### million euros in the fourth quarter .
finland 's provisional trade surplus widened to #.## billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in september from ### million euros in the same month a year ago , the national board of customs said tuesday .
an australian state on tuesday announced plans to refer the quashed fraud conviction of right-wing firebrand pauline hanson to its corruption watchdog .
the israeli government said tuesday it was suspending plans to force journalists to submit applications for official press cards to the shin beth internal security service after a storm of protest .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday , extending a modest rally after the shanghai composite index hit a fresh ##-month low but the upward momentum was capped by concerns over a new wave of fund-raising , dealers said .
t-online , europe 's leading provider of internet services and a unit of deutsche telekom , said tuesday it booked its first-ever bottom-line profit in the third quarter of the current year .
the israeli secret services have been called in to help a police probe into the possible `` sabotage '' of a non-dairy baby formula which has led to the deaths of three israeli babies , army radio said tuesday .
asia-pacific nations are planning to establish a space cooperation grouping to better coordinate environmental protection , disaster reduction and resources exploration , state media and officials said tuesday .
politicians loyal to south korean president roh moo-hyun launched a new political party tuesday ahead of general elections scheduled for april .
t-online , europe 's leading provider of internet services and a unit of deutsche telekom , said on tuesday it had booked its first-ever bottom-line profit in the third quarter of the current year .
iran 's main reformist party , the islamic iran participation front -lrb- iipf -rrb- led by the brother of president mohammad khatami , said tuesday it would not boycott next february 's parliamentary elections , but nevertheless set out a series of demands it said needed to be met .
us deputy secretary of state richard armitage on tuesday rejected a suggestion that a solution to the palestinian-israeli conflict would stop a wave of global terrorism .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday as weakness in the regional bourses and on wall street prompted continued profit taking , dealers said .
prime minister atal behari vajpayee tuesday flew off on a week-long tour of russia , tajikistan and syria to strengthen ties with india 's allies from the cold war era and build new partnerships in the turbulent gulf region .
china said tuesday it was hopeful a new round of multilateral talks on solving the north korean nuclear crisis could be held before the end of the year .
malaysian share prices closed down #.## percent tuesday , breaching the key ### <unk> support level amid weaker regional markets following losses on wall street , dealers said .
a bomb rocked a town in indonesia 's strife-torn poso district in central sulawesi on tuesday but police said no one was hurt .
the world 's largest automaker , general motors , tuesday announced it has set up a ##-million-dollar automotive research laboratory in india 's technology hub of bangalore , its first outside the united states .
separatist groups tuesday renewed a threat to enforce a ban on bollywood films in india 's restive northeast , arguing the films have a negative effect on local culture .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday as weakness in the regional bourses and on wall street prompted continued profit taking , dealers said .
a convoy of highly radioactive nuclear waste began the final and trickiest stage tuesday of its journey by rail to a german dump , with thousands of protesters aiming to block the transport .
searchers said tuesday they have found the bodies of ### people who died when a flash flood swept through an indonesian resort town and the hunt for more than ### people who are still missing would continue .
a nuclear power station in the southern russian town of volgodonsk was shut down tuesday after an unspecified fault , the itar-tass news agency reported .
india 's pace spearhead javagal srinath retired from cricket on tuesday after failing to recover from a <unk> right knee injury .
european stock markets slid in early trading on tuesday as a wave of profit-taking on recent gains came down , having already swept through us and asian markets .
morocco is to set up two government bodies which will crack down on networks that help africans emigrate illegally to europe , king mohammed vi has been quoted as saying by the map news agency .
switzerland 's top bank , ubs , said tuesday its third-quarter net profit surged ## percent from last year to #.## billion swiss francs -lrb- #.## billion euros , #.## billion dollars -rrb- , its best result for three years , thanks to a strong performance in all divisions and cost cuts .
south korean prosecutors issued arrest warrants tuesday for ## union members accused of throwing firebombs and rocks during weekend demonstrations here in a major crackdown on labor militancy .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday led by large caps which hit overbought territory recently , as losses in the region and foreign investor selling undercut sentiment , dealers said .
arab league secretary general amr mussa said here tuesday he urged the united states to stop siding with israel in its conflict with the palestinians and resume the role of `` honest broker .
eleven people were killed and ## others injured when two buses collided tuesday on a <unk> road in southern cairo , egyptian police said .
a leading confidence index in germany published on tuesday rallied again in november , as the rising stock markets and a slight weakening of the euro nurtured hopes for a recovery in the eurozone 's biggest economy .
the israeli supreme court overturned tuesday a ban slapped on a documentary about the massive israeli army invasion last year of the west bank town of jenin , a court source said .
a nuclear power station in the southern russian town of volgodonsk was shut down last week after an unspecified fault , the itar-tass news agency reported tuesday .
indonesian share prices closed down #.## percent tuesday but well off their lows with the index recouping most of its earlier losses on a late rebound in blue chips led by newly-listed bank rakyat indonesia and telkom , dealers said .
malaysian share prices closed down #.## percent tuesday , breaching the key ### points support level amid weaker regional markets following losses on wall street , dealers said .
england coach sven-goran eriksson faces a striker shortage for sunday 's friendly against denmark after wayne rooney went down with flu .
german champions bayern munich are scouting emerging brazilian defender alex as they look to reinforce their fragile defense in the winter break .
italian industrial production rose one percent in september from the figure for the same month in #### , although adjusted figures showed that output fell , the national statistics institute istat said tuesday .
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee tuesday urged south asian nations to follow the example of cooperation among countries of post-cold war europe and south east asia to accelerate growth and development .
iranian security forces have arrested a member of the outlawed turkish congress for democracy and freedom in kurdistan -lrb- kadek -rrb- -- formerly known as the pkk -- near the islamic republic 's northwestern border with turkey , a report said tuesday .
new prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi on tuesday defended the detention without trial of ## malaysian students under a tough security law , saying the government has to investigate their links to the jemaah islamiyah -lrb- ji -rrb- terror group .
kenya 's roman catholic church on tuesday called on unions and the government to resume negotiations to end a day-old strike by university lecturers over pay , which has already seen six state universities close down .
sri lanka 's ruling party mps have been offered up to four million dollars in cash and foreign scholarships to defect to the president 's party , a government minister said tuesday .
former leeds player eddie gray started work as caretaker manager on tuesday and said he wanted to succeed the sacked peter reid on a full-time basis .
indonesian share prices closed down #.## percent tuesday but well off their lows with the index recouping most of its earlier losses on a late rebound in blue chips led by newly-listed bank rakyat indonesia and telkom , dealers said .
uganda 's coffee exports declined by around ## percent last month compared to the same period a year ago , the uganda coffee development authority -lrb- ucda -rrb- said in a report tuesday .
six vietnam airlines flight attendants have confessed to their involvement in a multi-million dollar mobile phone smuggling scandal , state media said tuesday .
indian stocks rose #.## percent tuesday to close above the crucial #,### points mark after select buying in old economy stocks , particularly the cement and hotel industries , dealers said .
finnish economic growth will be stronger than previously expected this year and next as consumers spend a surprising amount of money in the shops , the finance ministry said on tuesday .
russia 's nobel prize-winning writer alexander solzhenitsyn bitterly protested on tuesday at a controversial staging of his epoch-making novella `` one day in the life of ivan <unk> '' that involves scenes of nudity .
maldives president maumoon abdul gayoom tuesday vowed greater accountability in his island republic as he was sworn in for a sixth five-year term in the most expensive holiday destination in south asia .
scandinavian airline systems posted tuesday a ##-percent increase in third-quarter net profit thanks to cost cutting and a tax rebate , although sales fell ## percent as weak demand persisted .
rubber futures prices in singapore were firmer tuesday on bigger volumes , dealers said .
an indonesian terror suspect detained in the philippines has admitted being a treasurer of a branch there of the jemaah islamiyah -lrb- ji -rrb- terror group , indonesia 's detective chief erwin <unk> said tuesday .
the islamic jihad is ready to meet palestinian premier ahmed qorei to discuss a halt in attacks on israelis , but a truce `` made no sense '' at the moment , the group 's spokesman said in remarks published here tuesday .
tens of thousands of people hit the streets in western germany tuesday to mark the beginning of the annual carnival season , which runs until mardi gras in february .
fifteen years since it started work in post-soviet russia , us billionaire financier george soros 's foundation has been `` paralysed '' after ## camouflage-clad men seized its moscow offices and entire computer records and archives .
thailand crashed to defeat to hong kong in an asian cup qualifier here on monday and are facing the prospect of missing out on the continental championship which they were expected to reach easily .
italy have called up sampdoria striker fabio <unk> for wednesday 's international friendly against poland in warsaw .
a senior pakistan government minister met indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee here tuesday , amid warming ties between the nuclear rivals , but there were no official talks between the two .
australia 's prime minister john howard , in london on remembrance day to inaugurate a memorial to his nation 's war dead , said tuesday he expects australian troops to stay in iraq `` for a while yet '' .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday led by large caps which have been overbought recently , as losses in the region and foreign investor selling undercut sentiment , dealers said .
the outlawed congress for democracy and freedom in kurdistan -lrb- kadek -rrb- , which announced its dissolution on tuesday , is the successor of an armed rebel movement which now pledges to pursue a democratic struggle following a bloody secessionist campaign in turkey .
us troops killed an `` enemy fighter '' in a new offensive against suspected taliban and al-qaeda militants and their allies in remote northeast afghanistan , the us military said tuesday .
indian share prices rose #.## percent tuesday to close above #,### points after select buying in old economy stocks , particularly the cement and hotel industries , dealers said .
the chiefs of key un aid agencies working in iraq began talks here tuesday on the future of their operations in the wake of the deadly suicide bombing of their baghdad headquarters , a spokeswoman said .
west indies captain brian lara admitted on tuesday that his side were outplayed by zimbabwe in the first test and called on his players to raise their game .
world champions australia struggled to stifle a yawn on tuesday as hosts india welcomed back captain sourav ganguly for the final stages of the tri-series .
the european commission presented tuesday proposals designed to transform the eu 's space policy as competition to master the skies beyond the earth intensifies .
a malaysian minister expressed concerns tuesday that india and china could cut palm oil imports to retaliate againt the government 's move to award a lucrative <unk> rail project to local contractors .
a top iranian official on tuesday acknowledged that the islamic republic 's nuclear program had breached international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- rules , but asserted the failures were only minor .
pakistan on tuesday rebuffed india 's offer of a bus service between the indian and pakistani-controlled zones of kashmir due to indian allegations that pakistan sponsors cross-border terrorism .
king norodom sihanouk summoned cambodia 's three main political parties to a palace meeting tuesday amid concerns he was using excessive influence to try and forge a tripartite government , an official said .
while trumpeting liberalisation of its telecoms sector kazakhstan is planning a cap on foreign ownership which would hinder much-needed upgrades , a foreign investors ' representative in the ex-soviet republic said on tuesday .
shares in french-italian computer chip maker stmicroelectronics slumped tuesday after us credit rating agency moody 's <unk> the company 's debt outlook .
a controversial decision by australia to send a boatload of asylum-seekers back to indonesia is a disappointing breach of its obligations under international law , the un refugee agency said tuesday .
the italian national team together with a polish delegation met pope john paul ii here on tuesday a day ahead of the friendly international match between the two teams .
pakistan told britain that an alleged mi# operation to bug its embassy in london was a `` question of confidence '' between the friendly countries , foreign minister khurshid mahmud kasuri said tuesday .
a top iranian official on tuesday acknowledged the islamic republic 's nuclear program had breached international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- rules , but asserted the failures were only minor and wer ein the past .
police in southeastern iran have launched a major crackdown on water pipe smoking , amid fears the popular leisure activity was being used to consume banned drugs or could lead to the spread of disease .
athletics kenya -lrb- ak -rrb- selectors look set to stumble yet again in their quest to name a strong marathon squad for the #### athens olympic games .
iraq is facing a `` considerable '' disruption of its health care system as a result of the us-led invasion , a london-based medical <unk> organization said tuesday .
the european aeronautics defense and space company -lrb- eads -rrb- has proposed that eads , bae systems of britain and alenia <unk> of italy merge their activities devoted to construction of the eurofighter aircraft , an eads spokesman said on tuesday .
at least one afghan was seriously injured in an explosion close to united nations office compounds in the southern afghan city of kandahar , an afp correspondent witnessed .
a british landlord was tuesday awarded ##,### pounds -lrb- ##,### euros , ##,### dollars -rrb- in damages by a court over the cancellation of a gig by rock star van morrison , who had promised to play in his pub garden .
austrian investment company alpha <unk> has bought sarajevo 's state-owned holiday inn hotel , used as a base by hundreds of foreign journalists during bosnia 's ####-## war , officials said tuesday .
the israeli government said tuesday it was suspending plans to force journalists to submit applications for official press cards to the shin beth internal security service after a storm of protest .
eu foreign policy chief javier solana on tuesday sharply criticised israel 's policy of boycotting officials who have met with palestinian leader yasser arafat , saying it contravened the rules of diplomacy .
newcastle are preparing to welcome back england international defender jonathan woodgate from injury for the premiership match against manchester city a week on saturday .
pakistan cricket captain inzamam-ul haq tuesday said he was anxiously waiting for sourav ganguly 's indian team , after india 's announcement of plans to tour its rival for the first time in ## years .
the european commission tuesday launched an investigation into an italian law that gives vital debt relief to top football teams .
turkey should help find a solution to the division of cyprus , german chancellor gerhard schroeder said in an interview published on tuesday , urging ankara to be `` reasonable '' on the issue .
eu foreign policy chief javier solana on tuesday sharply criticised israel 's policy of boycotting officials who have met with palestinian leader yasser arafat , saying it contravened the rules of diplomacy .
jordan 's king abdullah ii left for kuwait on tuesday for talks with senior officials on the situation in iraq and the palestinian territories , the official petra news agency reported .
schalke ## general manager rudi assauer insists media reports claiming that schalke have offered vfb stuttgart 's striker kevin kuranyi a lucrative four-year contract are pure fabrication .
monaco forward dado prso 's record-equalling four-goal haul against deportivo la coruna last week has not gone unnoticed at fulham , who are set to make a bid for the croatian during the winter transfer window .
the turkish government aims to privatise at least ## percent of state-owned operator turk telekom after several unsuccessful attempts , communications minister binali yildirim said tuesday .
switzerland 's top bank , ubs , said tuesday its third-quarter net profit surged ## percent from last year to #.## billion swiss francs -lrb- #.## billion euros , #.## billion dollars -rrb- , its best result in three years , thanks to a strong performance in all divisions and cost cuts .
the head of a moderate algerian islamic party tuesday rejected as un-islamic a campaign by democratic parties and women 's rights groups to scrap the north african country 's restrictive family code .
at least one afghan was seriously injured in a car bomb explosion tuesday afternoon close to united nations office compounds in the southern afghan city of kandahar , police and witnesses said .
fulham midfielder mark pembridge has added to mark hughes ' selection problems by being practically ruled out of wales ' euro #### play-off against russia on saturday due to a troublesome calf <unk> `` but there is a chance he could be available for next week , we will have another look at him when we return to cardiff on sunday .
europe 's first-ever solo expedition to mars is on course for a christmas day rendezvous with the red planet after surviving the greatest solar storm on record and a <unk> power loss , mission officials declared here tuesday .
european union leaders were expected to use talks here tuesday to press turkey 's foreign minister abdullah gul for greater progress on the reunification of cyprus ahead of nicosia 's accession to the european union , in may .
a moscow court met behind closed doors on tuesday to rule whether to release of russian oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky on bail pending his trial on fraud charges .
a moscow court met behind closed doors on tuesday to rule whether to release russian oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky on bail pending his trial on fraud charges .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon said tuesday that he had issued orders to the army to ease the pressure on palestinians living in the west bank and gaza strip .
ukraine will not ratify an economic union with russia , ukraine and kazakhstan unless kiev and moscow resolve a bitter border row , the ukrainian ambassador to russia said tuesday .
the bosnian serb government vowed tuesday to press ahead with high spending on pensions and public sector wages despite warnings from international creditors .
the united states administration knows nothing about islam or democracy , iran 's foreign ministry said tuesday in a furious response to an attack by us secretary of state colin powell on the islamic republic 's ruling clerics .
great britain forward adrian morley said he is determined to atone for a horrifying tackle in the first test against australia after being cleared to play in saturday 's crucial second ashes match .
iraqi police chased down an ambulance loaded with heavy ammunition and explosives near a police station in the baghdad suburb of dura , the us military said in a statement tuesday .
austria 's rightwing government adopted plans to reform the national rail service tuesday , prompting the railworkers ' union to call for an unprecedented , unlimited national strike starting at midnight -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- .
pope john paul ii upbraided members of the polish solidarity trade union tuesday for not doing enough to look after the interests of working people in their country .
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo was the last of seven west african heads of state to arrive tuesday in the ghanaian capital , accra , for a summit to chart a course towards peace for ivory coast .
china has pledged some ## million dollars in aid to liberia following the resumption of diplomatic ties last month with the war-ravaged west african country after a ##-year hiatus , a presidential source said here tuesday .
german state authorities tuesday agreed the country 's first bill that bans teachers from wearing a muslim headscarf in school , although christian and jewish symbols would be allowed .
a ##-year-old palestinian boy who was wounded after being shot during an israeli army operation in the gaza strip died tuesday of his injuries , according to palestinian medical sources .
the us overseer in iraq , paul bremer , left monday evening for the united states , a spokesman said , adding that he would be back in a few days .
most us consumers can cut off their landline telephones and switch to a wireless phone service while keeping their existing phone numbers , the federal communications commission has decided .
oman 's leading manufacturer of baby food products announced tuesday it had won contracts in iraq worth #.# million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- .
five suspected rioters on hunger strike for several weeks have been transferred to greece 's highest-security prison , police said tuesday after their detention sparked sporadic unrest across the country .
the swedish postal service issued memorial stamps featuring the late foreign minister anna lindh on tuesday , exactly two months after she died in a fatal stabbing at a stockholm department store .
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee arrived in moscow tuesday for a three-day official visit , his second this year , during which he will hold talks with russian president vladimir putin , media reported .
visiting pakistani information minister sheikh rashid tuesday denied us and indian claims that pakistan was harbouring global terrorist dawood ibrahim .
a german national was among two people killed and ## injured in separate road accidents tuesday in jordan , the official petra news agency reported .
the european commission tuesday called on iran to follow its pledges on its nuclear program with action , fulfilling promises to allow <unk> un inspections of its nuclear facilities and suspend uranium and plutonium enrichment .
a controversial decision by australia to send a boatload of asylum-seekers back to indonesia is a disappointing breach of its obligations under international law , the un refugee agency said tuesday .
the italian national carrier alitalia reported tuesday a third quarter pretax loss excluding exceptional items of ##.# million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- after turning a profit of ##.# billion euros in third quarter #### .
a prominent iranian student activist who met with a visiting united nations rights envoy over the weekend has gone missing , the student news agency isna reported tuesday .
the german company that makes a non-dairy baby formula blamed for the death of three babies in israel admitted tuesday that mistakes had been made in the production process .
zambia 's former president frederick chiluba pleaded not guilty in a magistrate 's court here tuesday to ### counts of stealing state funds during his ##-year rule in the southern african country .
the death of a young student who suffocated during a military training exercise raised protests among russian media and politicians tuesday as the country prepares to return to obligatory military exercises in schools .
indian forest officials said tuesday more than ## elephants who were expected to travel to a health rejuvenation camp had put their foot down when it came to riding in noisy trucks .
cambodia 's feuding political parties tuesday reiterated their support for a coalition government after king norodom sihanouk summoned them to the palace to discuss the volatile political situation .
fake drugs , which can be useless , harmful or deadly , are on the rise as they are easy to make and sell cheaply , the world health organisation said tuesday , as it launched a campaign to fight the problem .
austrian airlines -lrb- aua -rrb- management is to take a ## percent pay cut next year in order to encourage unions to back a cost-cutting plan , the company said tuesday in a statement .
the democratic republic of congo have offered newcastle united assistant manager mick wadsworth a contract to coach the war-torn nation at next year 's african nations cup finals in tunisia .
denmark 's culture minister proposed on tuesday the country should stop handing out automatic subsidies to local radio and television stations , a move he hopes will force the closure of europe 's only neo-nazi radio station .
the italian national carrier alitalia reported tuesday a third quarter pretax loss excluding exceptional items of ##.# million euros -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- after turning a profit of ##.# billion euros in third quarter #### .
the jurors in the murder trial of two british schoolgirls on tuesday huddled around a ditch at a remote woodland where the bodies of the ##-year-olds were found .
the president of the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- said tuesday he hoped bangladesh would unearth new stars in next year 's junior world cup to be held here .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk tuesday sounded the alarm over the `` problem '' of selecting his successor in the event he dies during the current political limbo after inconclusive july elections .
denmark 's culture minister proposed on tuesday the country should stop handing out automatic subsidies to local radio and television stations , a move he hopes will force the closure of europe 's only neo-nazi radio station .
a blow to the lower back suffered during real madrid 's #-# weekend thumping at seville will force david beckham to rest for three days but he is still expected to be fit for england 's friendly with denmark in manchester , it emerged tuesday .
austria 's rightwing government adopted plans to reform the national rail service tuesday , prompting the railworkers ' union to call for an unprecedented , unlimited national strike starting at midnight -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- .
mehmet scholl 's injury woes show no sign of letting up with the ##-year-old bayern munich midfielder sidelined for at least two months after slipping a disc in his back .
nearly #,### people including suspected burglars and human traffickers were picked up in a month-long security sweep in gabon , the defense ministry said tuesday , adding that three were killed in the operation .
england midfielder steven gerrard has signed a new liverpool contract which ties him to the english premiership club until #### , it was announced tuesday .
czech coach karel brueckner will be without a handful of first team regulars for their friendly encounter against canada on saturday in teplice .
the european central bank can not do more than it already has to boost economic growth in the ##-country eurozone , the bank 's chief economist otmar issing said , implying that no more interest rate reductions are on the cards in the single currency area .
a summit of seven west african leaders opened here tuesday to revive the faltering peace process in ivory coast , still divided more than four months after the official end of a ##-month civil war .
english county nottinghamshire on tuesday completed the signing of former england bowler ryan sidebottom who quit yorkshire after complaining of a lack of first-team play at his home county .
anarchist groups believed to behind a series of letter bomb attacks in italy appear likely to step up their activities , a government minister said tuesday .
burundi 's government and main rebel group could sign a final accord after ## years of war at a two-day weekend summit in the tanzanian city of dar es salaam , a ugandan foreign ministry official said tuesday .
online advertising sales jumped ##.# percent from a year ago in the second quarter of #### to #.# billion dollars , according to an industry survey released tuesday .
the hungarian police have broken up a fake brokerage company operating out of budapest that cheated clients , mostly americans , out of millions of euros -lrb- dollars -rrb- , police said on tuesday .
the german company that makes a non-dairy baby formula blamed for the death of three babies in israel admitted tuesday that mistakes had been made in the production process .
the al-qaeda terror network claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing that killed ## people in riyadh and warned the next targets would be in the gulf , the united states and iraq , a saudi weekly said tuesday .
syrian president bashar al-assad called for the formation of an elected iraqi government , in talks here monday with britain 's special representative to iraq , sir jeremy greenstock .
a brawl between muslims and coptic christians that injured ## copts in a village near cairo echoes events that led to a bloodbath in southern egypt three years ago , a human rights group said tuesday .
denmark 's culture minister proposed on tuesday the country should stop handing out automatic subsidies to local radio and television stations , a move he hopes will force the closure of europe 's only neo-nazi radio station .
a us congressman leading a delegation on a visit to damascus called tuesday for dialogue to improve ties between the two countries despite the threat of american sanctions hanging over syria .
billionaire philanthropist george soros says his main goal right now is to get president george w. bush out of office in #### , `` and i 'm willing to put my money where my mouth is , '' he told the washington post .
a moscow court tuesday ordered former oil baron mikhail khodorkovsky to remain in jail pending his trial on fraud and embezzlement charges , the presiding judge said .
german state authorities tuesday agreed the country 's first bill that bans teachers from wearing a muslim headscarf in school , although christian and jewish symbols would be allowed .
turkey 's foreign minister abdullah gul said after a meeting with eu leaders here tuesday that the question of cyprus joining the eu could be resolved through all-party talks following next month 's elections on the turkish side of the divided island .
egyptian president hosni mubarak called tuesday on israel to `` give a chance '' to the new palestinian cabinet of prime minister ahmed qorei .
four iraqis were killed and nine others wounded when a roadside bomb ripped apart a car in the southern city of basra tuesday , iraqi police said , while the top us ground commander announced the capture of ## suspected al-qaeda members .
a moscow court tuesday ordered billionaire oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky to remain in jail pending his trial on fraud and embezzlement charges , the presiding judge said .
administrators who fled western ivory coast when civil war erupted in september #### have been reinstalled in their posts in what is seen as a test run before regional civil servants resume work throughout the country , a public sector official said tuesday .
a summit of seven west african leaders opened here tuesday to revive the faltering peace process in ivory coast , still divided more than four months after the official end of a ##-month civil war .
hungarian consumer prices rose by #.# percent in october from the previous month and by #.# percent from october #### , the central statistics bureau said tuesday .
seven inmates were killed and several more injured in a riot in an overcrowded prison in the venezuelan city of ciudad bolivar , local media reported tuesday .
the discovery tuesday of a hindu tailor 's body floating in a lake in a muslim dominated part of india 's western gujarat state has raised tensions in the region torn apart by sectarian violence .
efforts to wipe out trachoma , the world 's leading cause of preventable blindness , are making great progress and could eliminate the disease by #### , doctors said here tuesday .
the al-qaeda terror network claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing that killed ## people in riyadh and warned the next targets would be in the gulf , the united states and iraq , a saudi weekly said tuesday .
the afghanistan peace process is on track but persistent security problems mean the war-torn nation 's advances could still be reversed , the un security council was told on tuesday .
maoist rebels abducted ## children from a school in western nepal last week , state-run radio announced tuesday evening .
<unk> appear to be sociable fish who like to communicate among themselves and use their natural flatulence to do so , a team of british and canadian researchers has reported .
headache , back pain , arthritis and a host of common complaints cost us employers an estimated ##.# billion dollars per year in lost productivity , according to a study released tuesday .
liechtenstein , norway and iceland on tuesday signed an accord enlarging one of europe 's trading zones -- the european economic area -lrb- eea -rrb- -- to include the ## incoming european union members .
wildlife officials have rescued ## of a group of about ## hippos facing death in namibia 's northeastern caprivi region by chasing the animals to a nearby water channel , a government official said tuesday .
iraqi police officers will be able to enjoy luxurious wedding rides in the metallic pink rolls-royce of ousted president saddam hussein 's flamboyant son uday , an official said tuesday .
spain is unhappy over its share of influence in the european aerospace giant eads and may withdraw from the multibillion dollar enterprise , government sources said on tuesday , confirming media reports .
nigeria will soon recover ### million dollars looted by corrupt officials and hidden in swiss bank accounts , finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala said tuesday .
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee tuesday urged south asian nations to follow the example of cooperation among countries of post-cold war europe and south east asia to accelerate growth and development .
high-flying roma received a welcome boost tuesday when french defender vincent candela and striker marco delvecchio returned to full training after overcoming injuries .
prominent cuban dissident oswaldo paya made an impassioned appeal to organizers of this week 's ibero-american summit not to fall silent on communist-ruled cuba 's tense human rights situation .
qatar has boosted planned investment in a new airport to two billion dollars in a bid to turn the gas-rich emirate into a regional hub and support the national carrier 's expansion , the airport chief said tuesday .
zambia 's former president frederick chiluba will face trial next month for ### counts of theft of state funds to which he pleaded not guilty on tuesday .
a spanish judge has ordered a six million euro -lrb- seven million dollars -rrb- lottery win be withheld after the winner disappeared with the winning ticket bought by a syndicate comprising himself and ## former friends , judicial sources said tuesday .
nigeria has set aside two billion dollars to service its ## billion dollars in external debt over the next year , and another half a billion for domestic obligations , finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala said tuesday .
european share prices closed lower tuesday , with the london ftse ### index off #.## percent at #,###.# at the end of the session .
rome , nov ## - the widow of aldo moro , the former italian prime minister murdered by the extremist radical red brigades in #### , has called for the inquiry into his killing to be reopened .
it may not be the scorching australian outback , but fair <unk> , around ## kangaroos who escaped a french animal park ## years ago are happily living wild in a forest west of paris .
brigitte <unk> , an adviser to two german chancellors and a translator for former french president francois mitterrand , died in a paris clinic overnight , the <unk> institute she headed said tuesday .
the environmental group wwf on tuesday stepped up pressure on commercial banks such as abn amro and citigroup to resist following the european bank for reconstruction and development -lrb- ebrd -rrb- in plans to fund a controversial pipeline to ship caspian sea oil .
the european union said tuesday it will grant tanzania ### million dollars in budget support over the next two years in areas such as elementary education , primary health and rural roads .
israeli police on tuesday released top palestinian islamic judge sheikh taysir al-tamimi , a day after he was detained for questioning over alleged incitement to violence .
turkey 's top court on tuesday lashed out at the islamist-rooted government for meddling in judicial affairs in a blazing row over the expulsion of a veiled woman from a courtroom .
the european commission on tuesday issued a formal warning to britain and spain for `` serious failings '' to police eu fisheries quotas , including falsified catches from vessels with secret holds .
the location of wales as the base for the rally of great britain is under threat after some of the sport 's top stars were convicted for speeding between stages .
portugal and finland insisted tuesday that each of the ## member states of an enlarged european union should have their own commissioner in the eu 's executive body , the european commission .
blaming defense secretary donald rumsfeld for what they call a `` quagmire '' for the united states in iraq , a group of democrats in the us congress have formally called on president george w. bush to fire him .
democratic presidential candidates attacked the george w. bush administration 's treatment of former us military personnel , using tuesday 's veterans ' day holiday to slam what they said are shrinking benefits for former armed services members .
the broadway debut of former charlie 's angels star farrah fawcett has been canceled after a week of previews , the producer announced .
longer shopping hours , around-the-clock public transport and special motorway lanes for accredited visitors are among a set of measures aimed at ensuring the greek capital works smoothly throughout the #### olympics , games organisers athoc said tuesday .
the italian cable , tire and telecom group pirelli and c said tuesday its third quarter consolidated net loss narrowed to ## million euros -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- from ### million in the same period last year and predicted a solid <unk> in results for all of #### .
the german company that makes a non-dairy baby formula blamed for the death of three babies in israel admitted tuesday that mistakes had been made in the production process .
the <unk> of the weekly `` la republican '' was sentenced to six months in jail for libeling the nation 's head of government and the finance minister and imprisoned without leave to appeal , his lawyer said tuesday .
the lebanese business community in the west african state of guinea has claimed being threatened with expulsion by a senior business figure close to president lansana conte .
the euro got a boost against the dollar here tuesday from better-than-expected economic data from germany and hints from the european central bank that futher monetary easing was not foreseen for the moment .
nigeria will begin preparations for january 's african nations cup in tunisia by setting up a training camp in faro , portugal from december ## , officials told afp tuesday .
the european union and nato are to stage their first ever joint crisis management exercise later this month , the transatlantic alliance announced tuesday .
china has given the impoverished central african republic a grant of nearly two million dollars to help its new government sort out public finances , national radio said tuesday .
the alleged ringleader of greece 's most murderous extremist group november ## denied on tuesday around #,### charges against him ranging from illegal possession of explosives to murder .
a romanian soldier was killed and another wounded tuesday in an attack in southern afghanistan , near the pakistan border , a senior government official said .
us forces netted ## suspects and weapons caches in the past ## hours in relentless raids into the heartland of iraqi insurgents , a military statement said tuesday .
delegates attending an international conference on preventing female genital manipulation in africa and among immigrants in europe called tuesday on governments to introduce laws banning the practice with the aim of eradicating it by #### .
an afp correspondent in equatorial guinea was released on tuesday after eight days in police detention , his lawyer rafael <unk> said .
benfica 's portuguese international midfielder armando petit will undergo surgery to his left knee on tuesday which will sideline him for a month , the lisbon-based club said on its website .
un secretary general kofi annan said in a report tuesday on the ivory coast that the peace process in the west african nation was in serious difficulty .
four in five britons should have some kind of identity card by #### , home secretary -lrb- interior minister -rrb- david blunkett told the country 's parliament tuesday , announcing a measure resisted by some fellow ministers .
with us troops fighting in iraq , communities around the united states have responded with a crush of veterans day parades and other ceremonies tuesday to honor soldiers who served in past wars and those on duty far from home , officials said .
migraines , back pain , arthritis and a raft of other painful ailments take a toll on us economic productivity to the tune of some ##.# billion dollars a year , a study out tuesday found .
the plaintive pitch came in the middle of a presidential campaign event last week : <unk> , twice-divorced candidate dennis kucinich not only is seeking voters for his white house bid , but said he hopes to woo a bride as well .
scotland manager berti vogts is hoping that influential midfielder colin cameron will be available for selection ahead of the first leg playoff against the netherlands here on saturday .
american football 's denver broncos will have to do without starting running back mike anderson for the next four games after the national football league suspended him tuesday for substance abuse violations .
european share prices closed generally weaker tuesday , dragged lower by a lackluster start to trading on wall street .
hardline protestant loyalist leader ian paisley , a fierce critic of the northern ireland peace process , vowed tuesday to negotiate a new deal with nationalist roman catholics .
seven west african leaders ended a closed-door meeting here tuesday aimed at reviving the flailing peace process in divided ivory coast .
india have agreed to play three one-day internationals in england next september , it was confirmed on tuesday .
serbian ultranationalist leader tomislav nikolic , a candidate in weekend presidential elections in the republic , urged thousands of his supporters tuesday to vote for him as show of support for war crimes suspects .
an hiv-positive man was charged in britain on tuesday on suspicion of knowingly infecting two women and a girl with the virus , a week after a landmark ruling jailed another man for deliberately passing on hiv to his lovers .
several explosions were heard around the iraqi capital on tuesday night , a us military spokesman said , as smoke was seen rising from the headquarters of the american-led coalition .
denmark 's foreign minister per stig moeller called tuesday for an eu commission made up of ## commissioners and nine deputies , all with voting rights .
leeds rhinos captain and great britain international kevin sinfield on tuesday signed a new five-year deal which will kept him at the <unk> club until november #### .
look out : soon you 'll be able , again , from new york city 's landmark rockefeller center , which plans to reopen its <unk> ##th-floor observation area .
british rock legend david bowie has been forced to cancel a concert wednesday in the southwestern french city of toulouse after being struck down by laryngitis , show organisers said .
european commission president romano prodi arrived in senegal tuesday at the start of a three-nation west african tour likely to be dominated by development issues and the fight against aids .
the italian television group mediaset , controlled by prime minister silvio berlusconi 's holding company fininvest , reported third quarter taxable earnings tuesday of ##.# million euros -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- following a loss of ##.# million euros in the same period last year .
british rock legend david bowie has been forced to cancel a concert wednesday in the southwestern french city of toulouse after being struck down by laryngitis , show organisers said .
a french collector paid ##,### euros -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- at auction tuesday for a ##th century copy of leonardo da vinci 's mona lisa , according to the sale organisers .
two of ireland 's ## jails are to be mothballed and two others are to be taken out of the hands of the state prison service in an effort to cut a growing overtime bill for running them , justice minister michael mcdowell said on tuesday .
a un security council mission has headed to africa to look at violations of the arms embargo on the eastern country of somalia , the united nations said on tuesday .
world tennis number four guillermo coria is to go to new zealand to round off his preparations for the opening grand slam of the season , the australian open in january .
greek police defused late tuesday an explosive device placed at the doorstep of a branch of us bank citibank in athens , police sources said .
three people were killed tuesday as demonstrators clashed with police and soldiers during a ##-hour general strike in the dominican republic , authorities said .
at least one afghan was seriously injured in a car bomb explosion tuesday close to united nations offices in kandahar , police and witnesses said , while a foreign soldier died elsewhere in southern afghanistan .
ireland 's smokers will be able to keep on puffing in their local pub for an extra two months after prime minister bertie ahern said tuesday he would delay one of the world 's most draconian anti-tobacco laws .
infant mortality in the caribbean is down while life expectancy has generally increased , a un official said tuesday .
portugal on tuesday turned away two <unk> aging us navy vessels , under tow to britain for a controversial demolition , after the vessels entered portuguese waters off the <unk> azores islands .
us stocks drifted lower in a quiet holiday session tuesday as investors braced for a possible correction and wall street marked the eight-month point of its upward trend .
mcdonald 's corp. is seeing red over its latest contribution to popular culture : a mention in a best-selling dictionary under the entry mcjob .
a cross-dressing eccentric whose family owns billions of dollars in new york real estate was cleared tuesday by a jury in texas of charges he murdered his neighbor .
chilean president ricardo lagos said tuesday a dispute with argentina over a spying incident had been resolved but buenos aires called for an in-depth examination .
argentine league leaders boca juniors admitted tuesday they were interested in letting their rising star carlos tevez go on loan to german champions bayern munich , but not immediately .
the dollar traded lower tuesday , while the euro got a boost from better-than-expected economic data from germany and hints from the european central bank that rates would remain steady .
an earth tremor measuring #.# on the richter scale shook northern algeria tuesday evening in the same area where a killer earthquake claimed nearly #,### lives in may , the algerian geophysical research center said .
the latest report by the un 's nuclear watchdog has reinforced us fears about iran 's nuclear program , a state department spokesman said tuesday .
the mother of a philippines-born soldier killed while serving with the us army in iraq , on tuesday paid a veterans day tribute to a son she said laid down his life for `` freedom and justice .
the head of colombia 's national police , general teodoro campo , resigned late tuesday , the fourth top official in the government of president alvaro uribe to leave in less than a week .
the head of colombia 's national police resigned late tuesday , the fourth top official in the government of president alvaro uribe to leave in less than a week .
one week after losing his starting job , kevin johnson was surprisingly released by the cleveland browns on tuesday .
toronto blue jays righthander roy halladay , who became the second pitcher in ## years to win ## straight decisions , on tuesday was named the winner of the american league cy young award .
australian consumer sentiment slipped from nine-year highs in november as the impact of an interest rates hike took effect and households anticipated higher rates were on the way , said a survey released wednesday .
at least seven people were killed tuesday in a ##-hour general strike , as protesters clashed with police and soldiers in the dominican republic , organizers said .
share prices in tokyo opened higher wednesday with the nikkei-### index gaining ##.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
france coach bernard laporte named an unchanged side on wednesday for the world cup semi-final against england here on sunday .
international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- managing director horst koehler hailed tuesday tajikistan 's strong economic performance , including sustained growth , but said the impoverished former soviet republic needed to make more efforts .
france 's fabrice santoro and michael llodra clinched a semi-final berth at the atp masters cup with a #-# , #-# -lrb- #\/# -rrb- round-robin victory over czechs martin damm and cyril suk here tuesday .
people suffering from cardiac diseases are the first to feel the effects of urban air pollution , which is linked to increased rates of death from cardiovascular disease , according to two european studies presented this week in the united states .
teams of foreign observers said they were satisfied with the results of sunday 's presidential and congressional election in guatemala .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale jolted northern taiwan wednesday , seismologists said , but there were no immediate reports of damage or casualties .
lock and vice-captain david giffin was passed fit on wednesday for the world cup semi-final against new zealand in sydney on saturday .
the all blacks have scored an early psychological blow over australia by winning the coin toss to take the `` home '' dressing room for their world cup semi-final here on saturday .
the new zealand economy continued to shine wednesday , as better than expected retail sales numbers added to a raft of recent positive indicators , fuelling speculation of a looming hike in interest rates to cool the boom .
a compound housing the us-led coalition in baghdad has come under rocket fire , as us president george w. bush warned extremists were trying to install a taliban-style regime in iraq .
hong kong gold prices opened higher wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
a former bodyguard to vietnamese communist party founding father ho chi minh went on trial wednesday as part of the regime 's ongoing campaign against dissidents .
hong kong share prices opened slightly higher on wednesday amid generally weak sentiment in regional <unk> and declines on wall street , dealers said .
un secretary general kofi annan on tuesday signed a memorandum of understanding with peruvian president alejandro toledo that brings peru into global un peacekeeping operations .
the european social forum opens here wednesday , drawing tens of thousands of anti-globalization activists from ## countries to discuss an alternative vision for europe .
at least seven civilians and one police officer were killed tuesday in a ##-hour general strike , as protesters clashed with troops in the dominican republic , organizers said .
three british airways crew , including a pilot , were due back home wednesday after being arrested in norway on suspicion of being under the influence of alcohol .
england 's world cup campaign was given a massive lift here wednesday after experienced flanker richard hill declared himself fully fit for this weekend 's world cup semi-final against france .
australian intelligence officals said wednesday they would consider asking france to hand back a terrorist suspect if enough evidence was unearthed to make charges against him stick .
oil prices were slightly lower in asian trade wednesday after surging overnight in new york on fears over fresh terrorist attacks in the middle east , dealers said .
three south korean executives have been arrested in connection with a bribes investigation into ibm korea , the subsidiary of the us technology giant , prosecutors said wednesday .
president gloria arroyo wednesday called for national reconciliation after the philippines narrowly avoided a constitutional crisis over an attempt to impeach the country 's top judge .
a former bodyguard to vietnamese communist party founding father ho chi minh was jailed for ## months wednesday for `` abusing democratic rights , '' a court official said .
a singaporean student who impersonated the education minister and demanded that two of his schoolmates be expelled has been put on two years ' probation , the straits times reported wednesday .
an australian fisherman who met a group of turkish boat people as they landed on an australian island said wednesday he thought they were claiming asylum .
australia 's military plans a series of exercises to prepare for a potential terrorist attack on merchant shipping , the department of defense said wednesday .
indonesia 's military chief has warned that civilian security forces linked to political parties could create trouble in the run up to next year 's elections , reports said wednesday .
australia said wednesday the growing threat of identity fraud was costing it more than one billion dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- a year but shied away from using compulsory id cards to stamp out the problem .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on wednesday on continued profit-taking in line with weaker regional markets , dealers said .
sri lanka 's president and prime minister will meet wednesday for the first time since the country was plunged into a political crisis last week , a spokesman said .
the philippines has arrested two members of a human trafficking syndicate who tried to smuggle chinese nationals to the united states through manila airport , an official said wednesday .
king norodom sihanouk insisted wednesday he did not coerce cambodia 's political parties into forming a coalition government , after charges he used his influence unfairly to end a three-month deadlock .
england superstar jonny wilkinson rejected wednesday suggestions he was struggling to cope with the burden of expectation ahead of sunday 's world cup semi-final with france .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on wednesday on continued profit-taking in line with weaker regional markets , dealers said .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday , following wall street into negative territory , dealers said .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday , following wall street into negative territory , dealers said .
south korea 's navy launched a new #,###-tonne destroyer at the southern port of <unk> wednesday as part of a multi-billion dollar project to build up its forces , the defense ministry said .
australian todd woodbridge will have to wait until he plays at home to try and break the atp record for career doubles titles after being eliminated from the masters cup .
the leaders of myanmar , thailand , cambodia and laos opened a summit in this ancient former capital wednesday to devise a new economic strategy for the region .
the leaders of myanmar , thailand , cambodia and laos opened a summit in this ancient former capital wednesday to devise a new economic strategy for the region .
australian shares closed flat wednesday as a resurgent banking sector propped up a market weighed down by resources and a negative offshore lead , dealers said .
saudi arabia will talk to islamist militants fighting to overthrow the regime with guns or swords , but there will be no dialogue , interior minister nayef bin abdul aziz vowed wednesday .
sri lanka 's president and prime minister wednesday met for the first time since the country was <unk> tuesday .
taiwan share prices closed down #.## percent to fall through #,### points wednesday as already weak sentiment was further undermined by losses on wall street , dealers said .
all black stars carlos spencer and doug howlett have launched their own websites as the rugby world cup nears its climax , and both omit their world cup performances from their top five career efforts .
another rare sumatran rhinoceros , one of only two left at malaysia 's breeding center , has fallen ill and is believed to have a bacterial infection suspected of killing three others there in the last two weeks , a report said wednesday .
three workers are confirmed dead and another ## are missing after a gas explosion ripped through an illegal coalmine in northeast china , local officials and state media said wednesday .
poor weather wednesday hampered the search for two chilean climbers missing in rugged new zealand mountain country .
pakistan 's second-string cricket team will tour india next month for a limited-overs tournament also featuring sri lanka , it was announced on wednesday .
taiwan share prices closed down #.## percent to fall through #,### points wednesday as already weak sentiment was further undermined by losses on wall street , dealers said .
two people have been arrested in southern china in connection with the robbery and murders of ## women , police and state media said wednesday .
mongolian prime minister nambaryn enkhbayar is to visit here from november ##-## for talks with his south korean counterpart goh kun and other leaders , the foreign ministry said .
south korean shares rose #.## percent wednesday on foreign interest in large caps with a lackluster wall street and domestic labor unrest having little influence , dealers said .
utility england back austin healey has been sent home after both iain balshaw and josh lewsey passed fitness tests it was announced on wednesday .
indonesia 's immigration department on wednesday criticised australia for sending a group of turkish boatpeople back to indonesia .
four tamil tiger suspects escaped from custody in northeastern sri lanka tuesday in the first rebel jail-break since a truce went into effect last year , police said .
environmentalists on wednesday began a treetop protest to highlight the threat to the world 's tallest hardwood trees , endangered by logging in australia 's island state of tasmania .
concern was mounting wednesday for two chilean climbers missing for three days in rugged new zealand mountain country as poor weather hampered search efforts .
indonesian prosecutors said wednesday they have a strong case against the alleged caretaker leader of the jemaah islamiyah -lrb- ji -rrb- terror group and rejected defense arguments that charges should be dropped .
india has finished a barbed-wire fence along `` sensitive '' stretches of its border with bangladesh to prevent the potential infiltration of rebels and illegal immigrants , a military official said wednesday .
allen iverson continues to thrive at his old college stomping grounds .
australian police said wednesday they had smashed a major identity fraud syndicate and charged two indonesian men allegedly involved in a passport , visa and bank-card racket .
england 's faltering world cup campaign was given a lift here wednesday after flanker richard hill and fullback josh lewsey were declared fit for sunday 's world cup semi-final against france .
south korean shares rose #.## percent wednesday on foreign interest in large caps with a lackluster wall street and domestic labor unrest having little influence , dealers said .
chinese share prices closed wednesday down #.## percent at their lowest level since june #### after news shanghai pudong development bank planned to raise fresh funds undercut already fragile sentiment , dealers said .
man , the german engineering conglomerate , said wednesday its earnings improved in the third quarter , largely as a result of the strong performance of its trucks division .
south korean shares rose #.## percent wednesday on foreign interest in large caps with a lackluster wall street and domestic labor unrest having little influence , dealers said .
the deputy head an outlawed vietnamese buddhist church , who is under de facto house arrest at a monastery in ho chi minh city , is `` critically ill , '' the church 's overseas information arm said wednesday .
a ##-year-old palestinian who was wounded last week by israeli troops died of his injuries wednesday in jenin , palestinian hospital sources said .
a convoy of highly radioactive nuclear waste arrived wednesday at storage facility in germany after a massive security operation to keep away hundreds of protestors determined to block its route .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday on a technical correction and after a weak performance on wall street , dealers said .
two israeli army officers have been dismissed for negligence after an investigation into the deaths of three soldiers killed in a palestinian attack in the west bank , a military source said wednesday .
prosiebensat# , germany 's biggest free-to-air broadcaster recently acquired by us-israeli billionaire film producer haim saban , said wednesday it narrowed its losses in the third quarter and expected to return to profit at operating level for the whole year .
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee was due to hold kremlin talks wednesday with russian president vladimir putin to discuss a lengthy agenda of strategic and economic issues between the soviet-era allies .
germany 's largest retailer metro on wednesday opened its second outlet in india and dismissed local traders ' fears it could wipe out their business .
indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri will visit aceh province next month , where the military is waging a bloody war against separatist rebels , an official said wednesday .
french industrial production rose #.# percent in september from the figure for the previous month , but slid #.# percent over ## months , data published wednesday by the national statistics institute insee showed .
wella , the german haircare , cosmetics and perfumes maker recently acquired by procter and gamble , said wednesday it booked a strong improvement in earnings in the third quarter , but refused to provide a full-year forecast .
the german telephone operator mobilcom , in which france telecom is the biggest shareholder , said wednesday it is on the road to recovery , turning in net profit of ##.# million euros -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- in the third quarter of the current year .
with instability rising in iraq , germany has sent three military personnel to baghdad to provide support if it becomes necessary to evacuate its embassy , defense minister peter struck said wednesday .
chinese hospitals have officially closed their doors to single women who want to use in-vitro fertilisation to get pregnant , a report said wednesday .
australia said wednesday identity fraud was costing the country more than one billion dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- a year , as police announced they had busted a major international ring operating out of sydney .
eight workers are dead and ## more are missing in two separate explosions at chinese coalmines , local officials and state media said wednesday .
palestinian premier ahmed qorei was to seek approval for his long-awaited cabinet line-up at a parliamentary session here wednesday during which he was expected to flesh out his proposals for reviving the peace process with israel .
eight afghan policemen were being questioned wednesday over a car bomb blast near united nations offices in the southern city kandahar , the local intelligence chief said .
turkey and the turkish cypriots are preparing a new proposal to resolve the long-standing division of cyprus , turkish cypriot leader rauf denktash said .
a powerful explosion rocked an italian police base in nasiriya in southern iraq wednesday morning , wounding several police as well as iraqis , the general command of the italian police said here .
the austrian state holding company oeiag is to sell its ##-percent stake in austrian steelmaker <unk> on the stock market , it said in a statement released overnight tuesday to wednesday .
australia said wednesday it would compensate fishing communities likely to be hurt by plans to ban fishing in large sections of the at-risk great barrier reef .
taiwan wednesday launched a campaign to promote its tourist industry for #### after visitor numbers slumped because of the sars epidemic .
malaysian consumer prices in october rose by #.# percent from a year earlier and #.# percent from september , the statistics department said wednesday .
indonesia 's immigration department on wednesday criticised australia for sending a group of turkish boatpeople back to indonesia as members of the group confirmed they had tried to seek asylum from canberra .
seven men involved in illegal logging operations in vietnam 's central province of gia lai have been arrested for attacking forest rangers , police said wednesday .
iran 's president mohammad khatami said wednesday he had a number of complaints against the head of un 's nuclear watchdog mohamed elbaradei over his report listing violations by iran 's nuclear program .
australian researchers are attempting to unravel the secret lives of whales by studying their excrement -- the world 's largest droppings .
iran 's president mohammad khatami said wednesday he had a number of complaints against the head of un 's nuclear watchdog mohamed elbaradei over his report listing violations by iran 's nuclear program .
iran 's president mohammad khatami said wednesday he had a number of complaints against the head of un 's nuclear watchdog mohamed elbaradei over his report listing violations by iran 's nuclear program .
a british teenager appeared in a thai court wednesday on charges of smuggling thousands of ecstasy pills into the kingdom , an offence that could see him face the death penalty if he is convicted .
deutsche bank , the biggest bank in germany , said wednesday it plans to sell its #.#-percent stake in greece 's second-biggest private bank , efg eurobank ergasias as part of its declared strategy of selling off its portfolio of shareholdings .
italian energy group edison said wednesday it turned a profit in the third quarter after a loss a year earlier and that it would issue two billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in bonds to beef up its finances .
members of the palestinian parliament met wednesday in yasser arafat 's headquarters ahead of a vote on prime minister ahmed qorei 's government line-up , an afp correspondent said .
chinese share prices closed wednesday down #.## percent and at their lowest level since june #### after news that shanghai pudong development bank planned to raise fresh funds undercut already fragile sentiment , dealers said .
less than two weeks after unveiling a low cost service on trans-tasman flights to australia , air new zealand has restored some frills for business customers unhappy about food in cardboard boxes and coffee in disposable cups .
suspected rebels shot dead a communist party worker in restive kashmir , while indian troops killed two rebels , police said wednesday .
a powerful explosion rocked an italian police base in nasiriya in southern iraq wednesday morning , injuring several officers as well as iraqi civilians , the headquarters of the italian police said here .
indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri will next month visit aceh province where the military is waging a bloody war against separatist rebels , an official said wednesday .
maoist guerrillas robbed three foreign expeditions to nepal 's himalayas of more than #,### dollars despite rebel promises not to harm tourists , trekking organisers said wednesday .
indonesian share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday as index heavyweight telkom and selected blue chips offset weakness in the broader market , dealers said .
malaysian share prices closed down #.## percent wednesday on continued profit-taking , dealers said .
a delegation of leading omani businessmen flies to russia on december # for a four-day visit to boost trade and commercial links between the two countries , officials said tuesday .
the new zealand government wednesday closed off applications from immigrants applying to become new zealand residents under a general skills category because too many people were getting in armed with skills that were not vital to the country .
a sri lankan worker committed suicide by throwing himself under a subway train to avoid deportation ahead of a crackdown on illegal foreign workers , police said wednesday .
at least six people died in an explosion inside an italian police base in nasiriya , southern iraq wednesday , italy 's ansa news agency reported .
michael owen hinted for the first time on wednesday that he may move to a club abroad if liverpool fail to qualify for the champions league .
moody 's has upgraded malaysian utilities giant tenaga nasional 's senior unsecured rating with a stable outlook , the global credit ratings agency said wednesday .
at least six people died in a truck bomb attack inside an italian police base in nasiriya , southern iraq wednesday , carabinieri police general guido bellini told ansa news agency citing witnesses .
australian striker mark viduka has been let off a ###,###-pound -lrb- ###,### dollar -rrb- fine imposed by sacked leeds boss peter reid .
the government in zimbabwe has ordered police to arrest all striking state hospital doctors for defying last week 's court order to return to work .
a couple have been arrested in southern china in connection with the robbery and murders of ## women who were lured to their deaths with the promise of a job , police and state media said wednesday .
a us soldier was killed while on a combat patrol in an explosion north of baghdad late tuesday , a military spokeswoman said .
hopes of a recovery in britain 's faltering economy got another small boost on wednesday as official figures showed that the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in october fell to a new ##-year low .
australian captain ricky ponting won the toss and elected to bat in the one-day international against india at the chinnaswamy stadium here on wednesday .
two beijing residents have been charged for high-profile protests on tiananmen square , as the family of one of them launched a protest wednesday against what they said was official wrongdoing .
amid concern that al-qaeda extremists may cover as anti-war protesters , britain is implementing high-cost security measures to ensure the safety of us president george w. bush during a visit here next week , a senior police official said wednesday .
indonesia 's education ministry is pressing ahead with plans to make foreigners take language tests before they can work or study in the country , an official said wednesday .
a disgruntled turkish father is to lodge a complaint with the european court of human rights after a doctor allegedly botched his son 's circumcision , the milliyet daily reported on wednesday .
malaysian share prices closed down #.## percent wednesday on continued profit-taking , dealers said .
bangladesh captain khaled mahmud won the toss and elected to bat in the day-night third and final one-dayer against england at the bangabandhu national stadium here on wednesday .
indonesian share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday as index heavyweight telkom and other select blue chips offset weakness in the broader market , dealers said .
thai share prices gained #.## percent wednesday after gains in communication stocks offset losses in the building sector , dealers said .
south africa 's parliament will amend a controversial law to allow nationals living abroad to vote in general elections next year , local media reported wednesday .
pakistani prime minister zafarullah jamali has ordered authorities to crack down on fashion shows because they are un-islamic and give pakistan a bad image , a local newspaper reported wednesday .
at least six italian carabinieri police officers died in a truck bomb attack against an italian police base in nasiriyah , southern iraq wednesday , according to carabinieri general guido bellini .
a philippine court wednesday dismissed a multiple murder case against high-profile opposition senator panfilo lacson , who has declared he will run in next year 's presidential elections .
french industrial production rose #.# percent in september from the previous month but slid #.# percent over ## months , data published wednesday by the national statistics institute insee showed .
china said wednesday foreign direct investment totaled ##.# billion dollars in the first ## months of the year , an increase of #.# percent from the same period in #### .
taiwan wednesday ordered a three-week suspension on exports of processed and live eels after traces of a banned anti-bacterial drug were detected by japan in two recent shipments , officials said .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei called for a ceasefire with israel on wednesday during a parliament session convened to approve his new government .
the israeli army on wednesday unearthed an arms cache at an abandoned prison near the west bank town of nablus , a military spokesman said .
rubber futures prices in singapore were higher wednesday on reduced volumes , dealers said .
indonesian immigration officials said wednesday they arrested ## foreign women for violating immigration laws by working as prostitutes in east java .
german prosecutors said wednesday that they were investigating three employees at a company that makes a non-dairy baby formula blamed for the death of three babies in israel .
indian stocks closed #.## percent lower wednesday on late profit taking as expectations of foreign fund buying failed to materialise , brokers said .
palestinian leader yasser arafat called wednesday for dialogue with israel in order to bring an end to the cycle of violence in the region .
president carlo azeglio ciampi reaffirmed italy 's commitment to fighting terrorism wednesday following a truck bomb attack in southern iraq that killed at least ## people including italian carabinieri police officers .
tea prices were variable at the weekly east african auction in mombasa , despite a large volume of leaf on offer and good demand , africa tea brokers -lrb- atb -rrb- said in a market report released wednesday .
at least six leaders of guinea 's independent teachers ' and researchers ' union -lrb- <unk> -rrb- have been arrested since the labor group called a strike at the start of this week , a union official said wednesday .
west indies have made two changes to the team which scrambled a draw against zimbabwe in harare last week for the second test beginning here wednesday .
one of russia 's most respected journalists and commentators has been hospitalised after being beaten up by unknown assailants and left unconscious , the reporter 's colleagues said wednesday .
pakistan cricket board -lrb- pcb -rrb- chief tauqir zia will meet team and selection chiefs thursday in a bid to end a row over the squad announced for next week 's series against new zealand .
shares in france telecom firmed wednesday after the french operator stood by its #### and #### performance targets .
austrian railroad workers began an unlimited strike wednesday in a showdown with the government over chancellor wolfgang schuessel 's plans to cut costs by splitting the national railroad into four separate companies .
the german government 's so-called `` five wise men '' council of independent economic advisors said wednesday they expected the german economy , the biggest in the ##-country eurozone , to remain in a shallow recession for the whole of #### .
test left-hander simon katich continued his prolific early-season form wednesday as he blasted ### against the tasmanian attack on the opening day of a sheffield shield clash in hobart .
police used tear gas , truncheons and water cannons to break up a demonstration of about ##,### protesters wednesday demanding the sacking of philippine president gloria arroyo and condemning the defeat of a move to oust the country 's chief justice .
the british economy is set to grow at a slightly faster pace than previously expected over the next two years , although risks remain amid an `` uneven '' global recovery , the bank of england said on wednesday .
a us soldier was killed while on a combat patrol in an explosion north of baghdad late <unk> died from hostile fire .
hungary registered a current account deficit of ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in september , down from the ### million-euro deficit a month earlier , the central bank reported wednesday .
scores of junior doctors , nurses and support staff have gone on an indefinite strike at zambia 's largest hospital , the university teaching hospital in lusaka , over unpaid housing allowances , a union official said .
an indonesian district chief has made it mandatory for public servants in his district to plant two trees on denuded land to help <unk> the parched territory .
budget malaysian airline airasia on wednesday announced its thai joint venture will start domestic flights in january #### .
west indies opening batsman wavell hinds was leading his side to a possible big score on the first day of the second test which began here wednesday .
embattled british telecoms group cable and wireless came within a whisker of hitting profit in the first half of its financial year as a massive restructuring program began to reap benefits , it said wednesday .
indian stocks closed #.## percent lower wednesday on late profit taking as expectations of foreign fund buying failed to materialise , brokers said .
bafin , the german financial sector regulator , said wednesday it was looking into the mutual funds industry in germany in the wake of a widening scandal in the sector in the united states .
thai share prices gained #.## percent wednesday after gains in communication stocks offset losses in the building sector , dealers said .
vietnam international vu <unk> thanh has been banned from professional football for five years for disciplinary reasons amid reports of his involvement in match-fixing .
prosiebensat# , germany 's biggest free-to-air broadcaster recently acquired by us-israeli billionaire film producer haim saban , said wednesday it narrowed its losses in the third quarter and expected to return to profit at operating level for the whole year .
the united arab <unk> has declared the fifa world youth championship the middle east 's first tobacco-free sporting event , organisers said tueday .
a top un humanitarian official arrived in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- wednesday , days after a un report said the vast country has one of the worst human rights situations in the world .
a pakistani judge wednesday ordered the shifting of a top opposition leader from police custody to jail after he told the court he had been tortured in police detention , lawyers in the court said .
thailand 's domestic vehicle sales rose ##.# percent from a year earlier in the first ## months of #### on the back of the booming economy , the industry said wednesday .
new flight rules that pack airliners flying over europe into a smaller space have the potential for causing a catastrophic accident , a german scientist says .
german prosecutors said wednesday they had begun an investigation involving a senior employee at a company that makes a non-dairy baby formula blamed for the death of three babies in israel .
the british economy is set to grow at a slightly faster pace than previously expected over the next two years , although risks remain amid an `` uneven '' global recovery , the bank of england said on wednesday .
train services between hungary and austria were suspended on wednesday amid a general strike by austrian railworkers , the hungarian rail authority -lrb- mav -rrb- said in a statement .
the german government 's so-called `` five wise men '' panel of independent economic advisors said wednesday they expected the german economy , the biggest in the ##-country eurozone , to remain in a shallow recession for the whole of #### .
president hamid karzai wednesday warned afghans to be prepared for further `` terrorist '' attacks following a car bomb outside un offices as the country prepares to approve the new constitution .
un refugee chief ruud rubbers left here wednesday for southern sudan for talks with rebel leader john garang about repatriating some ###,### refugees from neighboring countries once a peace deal is reached .
wayne rooney is virtually certain to miss england 's friendly against denmark on sunday after being struck by a bout of flu , his club everton confirmed .
portugal said it would go ahead with the dispatch on wednesday evening of a contingent of military police to <unk> manuel durao barroso visited the departing team of gnr officers on tuesday evening , praising them for their courage in accepting a mission to such a difficult theater of operations .
etihad , the united arab emirate 's -lrb- uae -rrb- new national airline , made its first scheduled flight on wednesday , linking abu dhabi to beirut .
france on wednesday strongly condemned an attack on a italian police base in southern iraq that killed at least ## officers and left about a dozen others wounded .
bangladesh 's batsmen faltered once again as england bowled them <unk> rikki clarke took the important wickets of habibul bashar and <unk> <unk> , while james kirtley helped remove the tail .
the ugandan army chief was to meet with democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- president joseph kabila on wednesday amid reports that ugandan rebels were training in the drc 's troubled northeast .
police wednesday recovered the bullet-ridden body of a state minister 's eight-year-old daughter who was abducted by suspected rebels in the northeastern indian province of manipur , a spokesman said .
pope john paul ii on wednesday voiced his sorrow at the `` vile attack '' on an italian police base in southern iraq which reportedly left ## italians dead .
traffic accidents cost ##,### lives in china in the first ## months of the year , state media said wednesday , reinforcing the country 's reputation as one of the world 's most dangerous places to drive .
wolves midfielder colin cameron has been forced to withdraw from scotland 's squad for the euro #### play-off against the netherlands , the scottish fa announced wednesday .
five people were killed in kashmir including a pro-india political worker , while a civilian was injured when indian and pakistani troops traded fire over their de facto border , police said wednesday .
poland on wednesday said it `` deeply deplored '' the truck bomb attack on an italian police base in southern iraq which left at least ## people dead , and said it would not deter it from its own mission in the country .
wales midfielder robbie savage fears failure in the euro #### play-off against russia could result in manager mark hughes being lured away from his current job by a top club .
german airline lufthansa appeared guardedly optimistic wednesday , saying it expected to see a `` marginal improvement '' in business in fourth quarter #### that would enable it to secure an operating profit for the whole of #### .
south african foreign minister nkosazana dlamini-zuma met his russian counterpart igor ivanov for talks wednesday focused on fighting poverty in africa and developing bilateral ties .
the swiss government granted a ##-year licence on wednesday to a new german-language television station , u# .
germany announced #.# million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- in aid wednesday to help afghan refugees and others in need cope over the coming winter months .
more than ## employees at sweden 's state-owned alcohol retail monopoly are suspected of accepting bribes from drink suppliers to obtain better promotion of their products , prosecutors said on wednesday as an inquiry into a <unk> of parliament per bill of the conservative moderate party told swedish radio he thought the scandal could bring down the monopoly , recalling that the european union has granted sweden an exemption to let it retain its retail monopoly .
the chinese military is having a hard time finding suitable recruits as modern lifestyles have wreaked havoc on the health and fitness of the country 's young people , state media said wednesday .
the spanish government on wednesday vowed to maintain its presence in iraq despite the deaths of at least ## italians in a truck bomb attack on an italian police base in the south of the country .
italy is determined its forces will remain in iraq despite an attack on a southern police base in which at least ## italians were killed , prime minister silvio berlusconi said wednesday .
the european commission denied monday that its head romano prodi was interfering in italian politics by urging his homeland 's left wing politicians to join forces for european parliament elections next year .
portugal said it would go ahead with the dispatch on wednesday evening of a contingent of military police to nasiriyah despite a bomb attack in the southern iraqi city earlier in the day that killed at least ## italians .
portuguese first division strugglers gil vicente on wednesday sacked coach mario reis and his backroom staff following a string of poor results .
players from both sides will observe a minute 's silence before the international friendly between italy and poland in warsaw later wednesday in memory of the victims of a truck bomb attack on an italian police base in southern iraq , the italian football federation said .
south african foreign minister nkosazana dlamini-zuma met her russian counterpart igor ivanov for talks wednesday focused on fighting poverty in africa and developing bilateral ties .
russia said wednesday it was unaware of a specific date having been set for a new round of six-way talks over the north korean nuclear crisis .
spanish industrial group gamesa said wednesday it has an order to sell ## ###-kilowatt wind turbines to china 's gansu <unk> electric power in a six million-dollar -lrb- #.#-million-euro -rrb- deal .
a russian governmental commission has approved a reduction in the oil export tax from ##.## dollars a tonne to ##.## dollars from december # , the news agency interfax reported wednesday .
herewith the main points of the speeches delivered wednesday by palestinian leader yasser arafat and prime minister ahmed qorei during a special session of parliament convened to approve a new cabinet .
a russian mig-## fighter plane disappeared off armenian radars wednesday while it was conducting a training flight over the caucasus republic , a spokesman for the armenian defense ministry said .
two years after the fall of the taliban which banned all forms of entertainment , people in northern afghanistan were wednesday tuning in to a new television station .
the european commission warned britain and spain on wednesday against heavy-handed customs clampdowns on travellers bringing home cut-price products like tobacco and alcohol from other eu states .
south african neo-nazi leader eugene terre ` blanche was wednesday sentenced to six years in jail on charges relating to bombings before the country 's first all-race elections in #### .
russia said wednesday it was unaware of a specific date having been set for a new round of six-way talks over the north korean nuclear crisis .
a russian fighter plane crashed wednesday while conducting a training flight over the caucasus republic , although the fate of its single pilot was not immediately clear , armenian officials said .
the head of the un cultural organization unesco will make a five-day visit to bangladesh this week , a statement said wednesday .
more than ### afghans have been arrested in a crackdown on illegal immigrants following a string of bomb and rocket attacks in southwest pakistan , police said wednesday .
burundi 's transitional government and main rebel group on wednesday confirmed they would take part in a weekend summit in tanzania where they are expected to sign a pact ending their ##-year-old war .
german airline lufthansa appeared guardedly optimistic wednesday , saying it expected to see a `` marginal improvement '' in business in fourth quarter #### that would enable it to secure an operating profit for the full year .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder expressed his `` heartfelt condolences '' to italy over a bomb attack on an italian police base in southern iraq which left at least ## dead , a spokesman said wednesday .
palestinian mps gave their overwhelming endorsement to the new cabinet of prime minister ahmed qorei in a vote of confidence here wednesday .
wayne rooney on wednesday received an unexpected green light to join the england squad for sunday 's friendly against denmark after making progress in his recovery from a bout of flu .
the turbulence hitting ryanair over cheap flights to charleroi airport in belgium arises from the same factor as has halted its flights to strasbourg in france : the two airports are public entities .
the palestinian parliament on wednesday approved prime minister ahmed qorei 's line-up for a new government .
police in istanbul wednesday fired shots in the air and used tear gas against some ### kurdish activists after barring them from attending a planned demonstration in support of jailed kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan , the media said .
the spanish government on wednesday condemned the bomb attack on an italian police base in the south of iraq but vowed to maintain its presence there despite the deaths of at least ## italians .
a paris court on wednesday sentenced former elf chief loik le floch-prigent to five years in prison for his involvement in a massive network of <unk> at the french oil giant in the early ####s .
athens and beijing , the capital cities which will host the next two olympics in #### and #### respectively , are to be twinned , athens ' mayor dora bakoyannis said wednesday following a meeting with chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing in beijing .
nine senior members of one of turkey 's main human rights watchdog appeared in court here wednesday on charges relating to a long-running prisoners ' hunger strike over controversial jail reforms , a spokeswoman for the group said .
the egyptian parliament on wednesday accepted the resignations of ## deputies who had failed to perform military service , parliamentary sources said .
a paris court on wednesday sentenced three former top elf executives to jail for their involvement in a massive network of <unk> at the once state-owned french oil giant in the early ####s .
unions representing poland 's rail workers said on wednesday they were suspending an order for a general strike on the country 's rail network planned from thursday , following an accord with the government .
english football is set to fall into line with fifa rules which require players who are sent off to be automatically banned for the next game in the same competition .
the us civilian overseer for iraq , paul bremer , will meet wednesday with president george w. bush and defense secretary donald rumsfeld to discuss the pace of reconstruction efforts , an official said .
the netherlands has offered sudan #.# million euros -lrb- four million dollars -rrb- in aid for the first six months after khartoum and the rebel forces sign a final peace agreement , a newspaper reported wednesday .
russian special forces engaged chechen guerrillas in a fierce gun battle for the third day wednesday , officials said , in a standoff that locals report has claimed civilian lives .
palestinian mps gave their overwhelming endorsement to the new cabinet of prime minister ahmed qorei in a vote of confidence here wednesday .
us stocks edged marginally higher at the opening wednesday , with investors mulling the market 's direction after three days of consolidation and no major economic or corporate news on the calendar .
an egyptian was condemned to hang wednesday for having murdered his three children , his wife and her lover , court sources said .
president pervez musharraf wednesday told a group of afghan diplomats trained in pakistan that islamabad fully supports the un-sponsored political process in afghanistan , officials said .
spartak moscow striker roman pavlyuchenko has been banned for five uefa competition games , following his dismissal for violent conduct during a uefa cup first-round tie against danish side esbjerg .
about #,### students wednesday protested in the northern afghan city of mazar-i-sharif over the omission of uzbek as one of the country 's official languages .
the italian luxury goods group prada has sold ## percent of shares in the english shoemaker church 's to the investment group equinox for an undisclosed amount , a joint statement said wednesday .
ahmed qorei , whose new cabinet was approved by the palestinian parliament wednesday , is a seasoned politician and close yasser arafat ally who faces the daunting task of succeeding where his predecessor , mahmud abbas , failed .
england defeated bangladesh by seven wickets in the third and final one-day international at the bangabandhu national stadium here on wednesday to win the series #-# .
jordan , egypt and lebanon on wednesday criticised the us congress 's approval of sanctions against syria saying the move would undermine efforts to consolidate security in the already troubled middle east .
portugal said wednesday it would go ahead with plans to send a police contingent to iraq to serve alongside italian military personnel , of whom ## were killed in a bomb attack in nasiriyah .
south african finance minister trevor manuel cut the country 's #### growth forecast from #.# percent to #.# percent wednesday , saying the global slowdown and a strong rand had held back growth .
the first of a fleet of former us navy vessels at the center of an environmental row arrived wednesday in northeastern england , despite a ban on plans to dismantle the vessels in britain .
the us civilian overseer for iraq , paul bremer , will meet wednesday with president george w. bush and defense secretary donald rumsfeld to discuss the pace of reconstruction efforts , the white house said .
italian defense minister antonio martino blamed supporters of deposed iraqi leader saddam hussein for an attack on an italian base in southern iraq that killed at least ## people , most of them italian military personnel .
the white house offered its condolences to italy wednesday after at least ## italians were killed in a bomb attack in iraq , and thanked rome for helping to stabilize and rebuild that war-ravaged country .
the german government agreed wednesday to deploy up to ## police officers to macedonia as part of a broader eu police mission due to be fully operational by mid-december .
us allies italy , spain , portugal and poland vowed on wednesday to keep their #,### troops in iraq as part of the us-led coalition despite the deaths of ## people in a deadly attack on italian forces .
porsche , the german maker of luxury sports cars , said wednesday it achieved record earnings in the ## months to july , despite the difficult economic environment and substantial costs connected with the launch of its new cayenne model .
greek football has been hit with two heavy fines by european football 's governing body for crowd trouble during recent champions league and euro #### qualifier matches .
croatia 's former ruling nationalist party called wednesday on all ethnic serb refugees who fled the country during the ####s war to return .
at least ## italian military personnel and a civilian were killed in a bomb attack on their police base in southern iraq on wednesday , as casualties on the us side also mounted and iraq 's us overseer prepared for white house crisis talks .
general motors corp. said wednesday it plans to export #.# billion dollars ' worth of gm vehicles to china in the next two years as it steps up its presence on the booming chinese market .
european commission chief romano prodi said wednesday that senegal needed `` good governance '' reforms before ### million euros in eu aid can be released to the west african country .
sudan 's blue nile state has demanded it also be granted self-rule during the six-year transitional period under a peace deal expected to be signed by khartoum and southern rebels , newspapers said wednesday .
high school students in the capital of sudan 's blue nile state protested teacher strikes by attacking and setting fire to offices of the state 's education ministry , police said wednesday .
a railway link between the syrian town of aleppo and mosul in the north of iraq will open next week , syria 's official news agency sana reported wednesday .
quetta , pakistan , nov ## - pakistani paramilitary forces have seized large caches of illicit drugs and arms during raids in the southwestern town of <unk> near the afghan border , officials said wednesday .
belgian authorities will struggle to cope with the massive global interest from journalists wanting to cover the trial next year of suspected child killer marc dutroux , an official said wednesday .
wife beaters , husband bashers or parents who hurt their children could be forced out of their own home under a new law being drafted in switzerland to stem domestic violence , the justice ministry said wednesday .
at least ## italians were killed in a bomb attack on an italian base in iraq on wednesday , the country 's defense minister said , while hospital officials said seven iraqi civilians also lost their lives .
germany 's first <unk> power plant started operations wednesday , using warmth from deep inside the earth 's core to produce electricity .
tui , the world 's leading tourism and travel group , said wednesday it is no longer interested in buying the danish low-cost airline sterling european airlines .
rwandan state prosecutor gerard <unk> said wednesday he was optimistic that relations would improve with the un court trying alleged ringleaders of the #### genocide .
oil prices edged upwards on wednesday , with technical factors taking the lead , as traders began to look ahead to upcoming weekly data for us oil and fuel stockpiles .
shares in the anglo-dutch corus group soared over ## percent wednesday as analysts and investors welcomed a massive equity issue that will help finance its british restructuring program .
swiss researchers said wednesday they want to rebuild one of the two ancient buddhas of bamiyan , which were destroyed in #### by the hardline taliban militia in afghanistan , but unesco denounced the plan .
president george w. bush held urgent talks wednesday with top aides including the us civilian overseer for iraq , paul bremer , on how to speed the transfer to self-rule in that war-ravaged nation .
rio ferdinand will seek a personal hearing with the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- on charges of failing to take a doping test in a move that could delay a decision on his fate for weeks , his club manchester united confirmed on wednesday .
general motors corp. said wednesday it plans to export #.# billion dollars ' worth of vehicles to china in the next two years as it steps up its presence in the booming chinese market .
all-rounder andrew flintoff once again fired england to a resounding seven-wicket win over bangladesh in the third and final one-day international here on wednesday .
saudi aramco is launching an investment initiative , expected to attract ## billion riyals -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- to turn the rabigh refinery on the red sea into a petrochemical center , the official news agency spa said wednesday .
maoist guerrillas have robbed ## foreign mountaineers and trekkers in nepal 's himalayas of more than #,### dollars despite rebel promises not to harm tourists , an official said wednesday .
the white house offered its condolences to italy wednesday after at least ## italians were killed in a bomb attack in iraq , and thanked rome for helping to stabilize and rebuild that war-ravaged country .
porsche , the german maker of luxury sports cars , reported wednesday record full-year earnings , despite the difficult economic environment and a costly launch of a new model .
a french novel with an english title focussing on the september ## , #### anti-us attacks won the prestigious <unk> book prize awarded on wednesday .
paul bremer , the top us administrator for iraq , said wednesday after meetings president george w. bush that the iraqi governing council was not failing in its work to prepare the transition to civilian rule .
italy said wednesday it was boosting security on its soil after a bomb attack in iraq killed at least ## italian nationals , most of them military personnel serving with the us-led forces there .
an egyptian human rights group defending coptic christians on wednesday urged the authorities to stop broadcasting a television series deemed to present a poor image of christians .
croatia 's former ruling nationalist party called wednesday on all ethnic serb refugees who fled the country during the ####s war to return .
france has launched a #.#-million-euro -lrb- #.#-million-dollar -rrb- plan to renovate the arc de triomphe , one of paris 's most visited landmarks , the center for national monuments announced wednesday .
russian authorities launched investigations wednesday into the oil exploration licenses at several subsidiaries of the embattled oil giant yukos , including its main production site in siberia , media reported .
the italian oil group eni reported third quarter net earnings of ### million euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- wednesday , a #.# percent increase over the same period last year .
paul bremer , the top us administrator for iraq , said wednesday after meetings president george w. bush that the iraqi governing council was not failing in its work to prepare the transition to civilian rule .
us allies italy , spain , portugal and poland vowed on wednesday to keep their #,### troops in iraq with the us-led coalition despite the deaths of at least ## people in a bomb attack on italian forces .
the longest ever sentence handed to a drug smuggler by an irish court was reduced by the country 's court of criminal appeal on wednesday from ## to ## years .
defendants convicted of membership in an illegal german neo-nazi group avoided jail wednesday after a court ruled that their crimes were too old and the accused had reformed .
twenty people were injured when rival student gangs clashed wednesday in east india , police and witnesses said .
tunisian president zine el abidine ben ali and visiting saudi interior minister nayef bin abdul aziz on wednesday discussed the aftermath of the weekend bombing in riyadh that claimed ## lives , officials said .
the nightmare scenario of terrorists unleashing a nuclear weapon on a major city is real and growing -- yet world efforts to meet the threat are still `` shortsighted '' and inadequate , researchers warned wednesday .
wavell hinds and skipper brian lara took west indies into a strong position on ###-# in their first innings before bulawayo 's first rain for three weeks brought an early close to the first day of the second test against zimbabwe here on wednesday .
protests greeted a hard-hitting campaign by a british children 's charity wednesday as it published newspaper advertisements showing a cockroach crawling out of a new born baby 's mouth .
a no-nonsense campaign to clean up the chaotic streets of lagos , africa 's biggest and arguably dirtiest city , claimed its first victims wednesday , as sanitation enforcers began meting out fines .
sierra leone , launching its first large-scale health program since a decade-long war ended in #### , has begun vaccinating children against yellow fever , a district medical official said wednesday .
a global stock market recovery , led by encouraging data from the united states and positive corporate earnings , could end early next year , credit suisse first boston -lrb- csfb -rrb- warned on wednesday .
the nightmare scenario of terrorists unleashing a nuclear weapon on a major city is real and growing -- yet world efforts to meet the threat are still `` shortsighted '' and inadequate , researchers warned wednesday .
a panel of nigerian health experts and islamic scholars on wednesday postponed for two days the results of a controversial study into the safety of oral polio vaccine .
a panel of nigerian health experts and islamic scholars on wednesday postponed for two days the results of a controversial study into the safety of oral polio vaccine .
jordan 's queen rania on wednesday handed over more than half-a-million dollars in aid to the international medical corps -lrb- imc -rrb- to help treat iraqi children suffering from cancer , her office said in a statement .
us president george w. bush on wednesday paid tribute to the italian soldiers killed in a suicide bomb attack in iraq and the determination of italian prime minister silvio berlusconi to fight `` terrorism '' .
the european court of human rights condemned turkey on wednesday for dissolving a new political party in #### on the grounds that it was seeking to undermine the unity of the nation .
the head of colombia 's military resigned on wednesday , government officials said , the fifth top official in the government of president alvaro uribe to leave in less than a week .
a british court is expected to rule thursday on russia 's request for the extradition of top chechen rebel akhmed zakayev , accused by moscow of `` terrorist '' activity in the wartorn republic .
turkey on wednesday denounced as `` terrorist '' the deadly bomb attack in iraq which claimed the lives of at least ## italians , and offered its condolences to italy .
ecuador coach hernan dario gomez has named an injury depleted ##-man squad for #### south american world cup qualifiers against paraguay saturday in <unk> , and peru four days later in quito .
us president george w. bush on wednesday paid tribute to at least ## italians killed in iraq when a suicide bombing devastated their base in the most deadly single attack on the us-led coalition .
as violence continues unabated in iraq , the united states is taking pains to publicize a prominent arab journalist 's recent decision to abandon staunch opposition to the us-led war and publicly back the ouster of saddam hussein , state department officials said wednesday .
at least one person was killed and ## injured wednesday when a mini-bus toppled over a flyover in the indian capital , a report said .
the first of a fleet of former us navy vessels embroiled in an environmental row on wednesday docked in england , despite a legal freeze on plans to dismantle the ships in britain .
italy lost ## of its nationals , ## of them servicemen , in a massive suicide bombing at a base in this southern iraqi city wednesday that marked the worst single coalition loss of life of the war .
skipper ricky ponting and adam gilchrist hammered rapid-fire centuries to shape australia 's ##-run victory over india in a triangular one-day cricket series match here on wednesday .
italy was in mourning wednesday as it grieved for its ## sons who died earlier in the day in a suicide attack on a military base at nasariyah in southern iraq .
the commander of colombia 's armed forces quit wednesday officials said , the fifth top-level official under president alvaro uribe to leave in less than a week .
the top two us automakers announced plans wednesday to export thousands of vehicles to china as that country moves to open up its market to foreign competition .
european stock markets closed higher wednesday after some decent gains on wall street , a smattering of positive corporate results , and some benign economic news enticed investors back into the market .
the euro jumped against the dollar wednesday on the eve of a release of us trade figures which many expected to show that the us deficit had deepened in september .
french president jacques chirac wednesday sent a message of condolence to italian prime minister silvio berlusconi expressing his sorrow at the suicide attack in iraq which killed ## people , among them ## italians .
german foreign minister joschka fischer called for a peaceful resolution to georgia 's political crisis wednesday in talks with his georgian counterpart in berlin .
rebels controlling the north of ivory coast launched an appeal wednesday for financial investment in their zones , seeking to distance themselves further from the government of president laurent gbagbo .
greece on wednesday sought to play down security fears ahead of the #### olympics after the latest act of low-level urban violence raised the spectre of a return of one of the country 's extremist groups .
the london marathon has joined berlin , boston and chicago in refusing to sign up to the controversial new world marathon series supported by new york .
scotland 's john higgins made history on wednesday when he became the first player to hit a maximum break of ### in successive matches .
leaders of the european union and the south american mercosur bloc agreed wednesday a program of negotiations which they say should enable them to conclude a free trade accord by the end of next year .
publicly available defibrillators , in the hands of trained volunteers , can double the chances of surviving a heart attack , according to a study released wednesday .
milene domingues , wife of real madrid 's brazilian star ronaldo admitted wednesday that their marriage of four years was under strain but denied that they were in the process of divorcing .
the us pga season may officially be over , but jim furyk and justin leonard still have little time to catch their breath .
nottingham forest coach paul hart insisted on wednesday that he was staying with the first division club despite speculation linking him with the vacant manager 's job at premiership strugglers leeds united .
un under secretary general for political affairs , kieran prendergast , arrived in burundi wednesday to pleas from the government for financial aid to rebuild the war-torn african country .
a special parliamentary committee has obtained proof that the office of president rolandas paksas has links with criminal groups and that lithuania served as a base for financing international terrorism , the head of the committee said on wednesday .
estonian president arnold ruutel issued a stark warning wednesday over the steep decline in the baltic country 's population , calling the situation `` grave '' .
portuguese midfielder luis figo said wednesday he may change his mind about retiring from international football after next year 's euro #### tournament .
great britain scrum-half sean long is determined to put his disappointing first test display against australia behind him by helping the lions level the series at hull on saturday .
portuguese star luis figo said wednesday he may go back on a decision , made public last month , to retire from international football after next year 's euro #### tournament .
european commission head romano prodi will make a new appearance at the european parliament next week over a fraud scandal which has shaken the eu executive in recent months , an eu source said wednesday .
the standard and poor 's credit agency handed ford motor company a widely anticipated credit downgrade wednesday , a move that could make it tougher for the struggling automaker to borrow money .
new flight rules that pack airliners flying over europe into a smaller space have the potential for causing a catastrophic accident , a german scientist says .
belgium is considering sending a small military force to the democratic republic of congo , a former colony , to help train its army in peacekeeping duties , the defense ministry said wednesday .
a series of explosions rocked central baghdad late wednesday , in what the us military said was an army operation against a `` specific building '' in the capital .
ivory coast 's rebels wednesday called a mini-summit of west african leaders a `` failure , '' saying the international community must do with president laurent gbagbo what they did with liberia 's charles taylor and pressure him to resign .
jean <unk> , one of the chief architects behind modern day french racing , died here wednesday aged ## .
the standard and poor 's credit agency downgraded the ford motor company 's credit rating wednesday , leaving it just one step above junk bond status .
us business spending on information technology is recovering , but corporations will remain cautious , a research firm said wednesday .
dominicans returned to work wednesday after a violent ##-hour general strike against the economic policies of president hipolito mejia , in which at least eight people were killed .
although he once boasted of knowing enough about dirty dealings at the french oil giant elf to `` blow up the republic ## times over , '' alfred sirven , sentenced wednesday to five years in prison , still has n't told all .
two suspected insurgents were killed , three more wounded and five detained when the us army staged two operations late wednesday in baghdad , the us military said .
after guiding the kansas city royals to respectability , tony pena on wednesday was named american league manager of the year .
at the ripe age of ## , jack mckeon added another chapter to his success story .
mauritania 's constitutional council formally declared incumbent president maaouiya ould taya the winner of last week 's presidential election , as lawyers for the runner-up complained his rights had been abused .
the democratic opposition in the us senate , alarmed at escalating anti-us violence in iraq , will ask the central intelligence agency for a briefing on the situation there , senate minority leader tom daschle said wednesday .
the trial of john allen muhammad , accused of being one of the two snipers who went on a killing spree in the washington area last year , is winding to a close here , just as the trial of his alleged teenaged accomplice , lee boyd malvo , is opening ## miles away .
a bitter dispute between georgia 's president eduard shevardnadze and opposition parties remained in deadlock early thursday after planned peace talks between the two sides failed to take place .
secretary of state colin powell on wednesday slammed as `` outrageous '' anti-us comments reportedly made this week by mexico 's ambassador to the united nations who said the united states treated its southern neighbor like a `` backyard .
a former senior executive of goldman sachs pleaded guilty wednesday to insider trading in connection with a scheme to use embargoed news of the us treasury to make quick profits in the bond market .
a former senior executive of goldman sachs pleaded guilty wednesday to insider trading in connection with a scheme to use embargoed news of the us treasury to make quick profits in the bond market .
former vermont governor howard dean nabbed two coveted union endorsements wednesday , bolstering his bid to win the democratic nomination to challenge president george w. bush in the #### election presidential election .
the native horses of alaska <unk> in the local vegetation , which went from nutritious grassland to bleak tundra that would have reduced the horses ' food supply .
an official french report on the disastrous break-up of the oil tanker prestige off the coast of spain a year ago has severly criticised the spanish authorities , saying their actions during the crisis made matters worse rather than better .
a manslaughter trial opened in a court in southeastern france wednesday to examine a july #### cable-car accident in the alps that left ## people dead .
a decommissioned french <unk> carrier , stranded for almost a month in the mediterranean because of a contractual dispute over its demolition , is to be towed back to its home port of toulon , the french government said wednesday .
manchester united 's new teen sensation cristiano ronaldo has blasted the british media for publishing a steady stream of `` exaggerated '' accounts of his private life since he joined the club in august .
visiting israeli defense minister shaul mofaz on wednesday told us counterpart donald rumsfeld of israel 's concern over iran 's nuclear program , an israeli official said .
aston villa striker darius vassell gave england coach sven goran eriksson four good reasons why he should play a major part in sunday 's international against denmark after a starring role in aston villa 's #-# friendly win over al-nasr here on wednesday .
wall street investors jumped back to a buying mode wednesday after a three-session losing streak , fueling a rally that pushed the major indexes near their #### highs .
the un high commissioner for refugees said wednesday that his agency was ready to start repatriating some ###,### registered refugees from sudan as soon as a peace deal is signed between khartoum and southern rebels of the sudan people 's liberation army .
us and mexican officials moved wednesday to dampen hopes for a quick agreement on migration that would deal with the status of millions of undocumented mexicans now in the united states .
an envelope from pakistan containing a suspicious white powder caused a bioterrorism scare wednesday at the washington post , authorities said .
volunteers from the us peace corps will serve in mexico for the first time in the organization 's ##-year-old history under an agreement signed here wednesday , us and mexican officials said .
italian defense minister antonio martino is to visit on thursday the southern iraqi city of nasiriyah where a bomb attack on italian forces left ## dead , including ## italians , according to the head of the parliamentary defense committee , luigi <unk> .
rwandans who escaped the country 's genocide in #### are ready to resume cooperation with the un war crimes court trying its alleged ringleaders , the leader of a group of widows said wednesday .
two palestinians were seriously wounded late wednesday when israeli troops raided the southern gaza strip town of rafah to demolish a home they suspected was being use to smuggle arms across the israeli-controlled border with egypt , palestinian security sources said .
the fbi and us coast guard have arrested a man suspected of planning to bomb abortion clinics throughout the united states , the agencies said wednesday .
the government of jean chretien on wednesday called an end to the current parliamentary session and said it will reconvene on january ## , a chretien spokesman steven hogue said .
secretary of state colin powell will travel to brussels next week for the annual us-eu ministerial meeting and then meet up with president george w. bush in london for his state visit to britain , the state department said wednesday .
wall street broke out of a three-day slump wednesday as investors rushed off the sidelines and fueled a surprise rally that pushed the major indexes near their #### highs .
poland ended italy 's ##-match unbeaten run with a #-# victory in a scrappy but entertaining friendly played in sub-zero temperatures here on wednesday .
a senior us official said wednesday that a report by the un 's nuclear watchdog that concluded there was no evidence iran is pursuing atomic weapons is `` impossible to believe .
the dollar skidded lower wednesday except against the yen on the eve of a release of us trade figures which many expected to show that the us deficit widened .
england 's richard mcevoy won the european tour qualifying school with a six round total of ### , ## under par , on wednesday and secured one of ## playing cards for the #### season .
the government of jean chretien on wednesday called an end to the current parliamentary session and said it will reconvene on january ## , a chretien spokesman steven hogue said .
the standard and poor 's credit agency downgraded the ford motor company 's credit rating wednesday , leaving it just one step above junk bond status .
senior us and mexican officials moved wednesday to dampen hopes for a quick agreement on migration that would deal with the status of millions of undocumented mexicans now in the united states .
eighteen years after publishing a study of the hindu god <unk> , a us university professor is under fire from believers who brand sexual references in the book as an insidious `` hate crime .
a senior us official said wednesday a report by the un 's nuclear watchdog , which found no evidence iran is pursuing atomic weapons , is `` impossible to believe .
a top us official once branded `` human scum '' and a `` <unk> '' by north korea , on wednesday vowed that the stalinist state 's `` blackmail and bad behavior '' during a nuclear crisis would not be rewarded .
two chilean climbers missing for four days on new zealand 's rugged southern alps were found sheltering in a snow cave on thursday , police said .
caribbean leaders meeting in st. lucia thursday will begin preparations for a hemispheric free trade meeting in miami later this month and kick off talks on a new system to govern the affairs of the ##-nation caribbean community -lrb- caricom -rrb- , guyana 's foreign ministry said .
one day after kevin johnson was released by cleveland , the veteran national football league receiver was claimed off waivers wednesday by jacksonville .
keith alexander , the coach of english third division side lincoln city , has become the latest team boss to suffer a major health scare .
a linguist at the us base in guantanamo , cuba who helped interrogate suspected al-qaeda and taliban fighters held there , was indicted for holding secret documents , prosecutors said wednesday .
the boeing company said wednesday that it had concluded a deal to sell ## ### jets to five chinese carriers in a transaction worth an estimated #.# billion dollars based on the planes ' list price .
dutch striker ruud van nistelrooy insisted on wednesday that it would n't bother him if he was left out of the starting line-up for saturday 's euro #### play-off , first leg against scotland .
lawmakers in the republican-controlled us senate began a ##-hour non-stop debate late wednesday to call attention to a long-term partisan standoff over several stymied judicial nominations .
a palestinian detainee was expelled early thursday from the west bank to the gaza strip , following a first expulsion monday by the israeli army , a palestinian security source said .
lawmakers in the republican-controlled us senate began a ##-hour non-stop debate late wednesday to call attention to a long-term partisan standoff over several stymied judicial nominations .
papua new guinea prime minister michael somare has sacked two senior colleagues and warned his ministers to follow government policies or face the same fate .
britain turned down wednesday a request for the extradition of a former iranian ambassador to argentina over a deadly bombing of a jewish center in the argentinian capital , the home office said .
the injury-plagued golden state warriors activated rookie forward mickael pietrus of france from the injured list wednesday .
india 's mahesh bhupathi and belarus ' max mirnyi rescued their dream of a year-end world number one doubles ranking from the brink of doom here wednesday despite losing at the atp masters cup .
the new york jets placed wide receiver wayne chrebet on injured reserve wednesday , ending his national football league season ## days after he suffered another concussion .
the top two us automakers announced plans wednesday to export thousands of vehicles to china as that country moves to open up its market to foreign competition .
un secretary general kofi annan arrived wednesday in bolivia for a three-day official visit , his first to the country , and to attend this weekend 's ##th ibero-american summit in santa cruz .
philadelphia flyers left wing todd fedoruk will be out indefinitely after undergoing surgery wednesday to repair a broken left cheekbone .
share prices in tokyo opened higher thursday with the nikkei-### index gaining ###.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
a palestinian detainee was expelled early thursday from the west bank to the gaza strip , following a first expulsion monday by the israeli army , a palestinian security source and the israeli army said .
an independent commission investigating the september ## attacks said wednesday it had struck a deal with the white house that will allow it to review classified information president george w. bush had wanted withheld .
the number of heart attacks surged at a brooklyn hospital following the september ## , #### , terrorist attacks in what is seen as an indication that psychological stress can trigger serious heart problems , according to a study made public wednesday .
troubled hollywood actress and rocker courtney love on wednesday pleaded not guilty to drug possession charges stemming from a reported overdose she suffered last month .
the chilean army was wednesday holding a number of suspects in a case of spying on an argentine diplomatic mission , but chile 's public ministry was yet to bring charges in the case , officials said .
a philippines maid claimed thursday that her master fired her after a disagreement on how they should share a ## million-peso -lrb- #.## million us dollar -rrb- jackpot from the state-run lottery .
the boeing company said wednesday that it had concluded a deal to sell ## boeing ### jets to five chinese carriers in a transaction worth an estimated #.# billion dollars based on the planes ' list price .
israeli forces early thursday moved into the city of tulkarem and the adjacent refugee camp in the northwest of the west bank , palestinian security sources said .
former vermont governor howard dean nabbed two coveted union endorsements wednesday , bolstering his bid to win the democratic nomination to challenge president george w. bush in the #### presidential election .
australia rejected thursday criticism that it was treating neighbouring indonesia as a dumping ground for refugees after it sent a boatload of would-be asylum seekers back to the country .
russian star yevgeny plushenko will continue fine-tuning preparations for his world title defense during this weekend 's trophee lalique , the fourth round of the seven-leg isu grand prix figure skating series starting in <unk> friday .
at least ## people were killed and many others were injured in central argentina late tuesday and wednesday , when several major storms swept through the area , bringing down trees and power lines .
a pair of massive suicide bombs killed at least ## italians and eight iraqis in southern iraq wednesday , the worst attack yet on coalition forces , as washington pressed iraq 's governing council to draft a constitution and assume a greater governing role .
spaniard mikel astarloza was on thursday confirmed as returning defend his tour down under cycling title in adelaide in january , organisers said .
papua new guinea prime minister michael somare has sacked two senior colleagues and warned his ministers to follow government policies or face the same fate .
hong kong gold prices opened higher thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
an australian state on thursday pledged #.# million dollars -lrb- #.## million us -rrb- to fight a mystery disease threatening to wipe out the famed tasmanian devil .
hong kong share prices rose #.## percent in opening trade on thursday following overnight gains on wall street , dealers said .
france has made a counter offer to us prosecutors seeking legal protection for a french billionaire implicated in a criminal case against french bank credit lyonnais , sources said wednesday .
us open champion andy roddick clinched the atp year-end world number one singles ranking without even lifting a racquet here wednesday at the masters cup .
foreign minister rafael bielsa said wednesday he planned to travel to tehran for talks after the iranian government initiated steps aimed at reopening dialogue with argentina .
the dollar slipped against the yen and euro thursday after a deadly bomb attack against the italian military in iraq but remained stuck in a tight range on fears of possible japanese intervention , dealers said .
south korea 's unemployment rate edged up to #.# percent in october from #.# percent in september due to a rise in the number of new job seekers , the national statistical office said .
south korea 's anti-trust regulator rejected calls thursday from big business for an end to a cap on their ownership of financial units , saying instead that the firewall should be strenghtened .
kenyon martin returned to action , but that was n't enough to slow tim duncan , who led san antonio to victory over new jersey in a rematch of the national basketball association finals .
china yangtze power , the listing vehicle of the massive three gorges dam project , said thursday its shares will on the shanghai stock exchange on november ## .
bhp billiton , the world 's largest diversified miner , said thursday that booming demand from china will help offset challenging conditions elsewhere .
australia on thursday upgraded its travel advice for sudan and warned potential travellers that terrorist attacks against western interests were being planned in the african country .
oil prices were slightly higher in asian trade thursday ahead of us oil inventory data to be released later in the day , dealers said .
american twins mike and bob bryan were assured of the atp year-end world number one doubles ranking here wednesday at the masters cup , becoming the first brothers to ever achieve the honor .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday , extending recent losses on continued security and political concerns a day after the violent dispersal of a large anti-government street protest in the financial district , dealers said .
general motors acceptance corp -lrb- gmac -rrb- said thursday it is seeking a license to conduct auto financing services in china , just hou sales ## percent , offering customers a `` one-stop shop , including car and finance .
hong kong shares rebounded #.## percent in morning trade on thursday , reversing three days of losses , supported by wall street 's gains overnight , dealers said .
an australian man was on thursday ordered to face a northern territory court over the outback murder of a british tourist in #### .
china saw consumer prices jump #.# percent in october compared with a year earlier for the biggest increase so far in #### as the cost of foods and fuel rose , figures showed thursday .
england coach clive woodward is adamant australia are still the team to beat at the world cup .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday , extending recent losses on continued security and political concerns a day after anti-government protesters were violently dispersed in the financial district , dealers said .
foreign direct investment in china plunged by more than ## percent in october from a year earlier to #.# billion dollars , state media reported thursday .
a chinese and a philippine oil company have agreed to jointly look for oil and gas in the south china sea following a recent chinese proposal to reduce tensions in the area , state media said thursday .
new zealand lock chris jack ca n't wait for this weekend 's world cup semi-final against australia , saying it is the most important match of his career .
china 's foreign trade in october roared ahead driven by soaring exports of machinery , electronics and products from foreign-funded enterprises , official statistics showed thursday .
australian share prices closed #.## percent higher on thursday as key banks recovered from recent weakness and major resources stocks gained on hopes of global economic growth , dealers said .
members of the new zealand cricket team have been warned their safety would be threatened if this month 's tour of pakistan goes ahead , officials revealed wednesday , leading to four players refusing to go and putting a question mark over the series .
vietnamese court has sentenced six gang members , including three women , to between two and ## years imprisonment for trafficking ## women and children to cambodia , court officials said thursday .
the miami heat finally gave coach stan van <unk> his first win , ending a season-opening seven-game losing streak on wednesday with an ##-## victory over the cleveland cavaliers .
thailand on thursday condemned a pair of suicide bombs in the southern iraqi city of nasiriyah that killed at least ## italians and eight iraqis in the worst attack yet on us-led coalition forces .
the dollar weakened against the yen and euro thursday after a deadly bomb attack against the italian military in iraq but received some support from fears of possible japanese intervention , dealers said .
south korea 's military on thursday issued orders confining its non-combatants operating in iraq to their bases following lethal bombing attacks .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher in active trade thursday , reversing recent weakness on the back of the overnight upturn on wall street and the firmer showing of applied materials in after-hours trading , dealers said .
an indian army soldier was killed and two others injured in an ambush by islamic militants fighting to end indian rule in kashmir , police said thursday .
kenyon martin 's return to the lineup was not enough to slow tim duncan , who had ## points and ## rebounds wednesday to lead san antonio to an ##-## victory over new jersey in a rematch of the national basketball association finals .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday , nudged higher by lead stock telecom in mixed but robust trade , dealers said .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher in active trade thursday , reversing recent losses on the back of the overnight upturn on wall street and the firmer showing of applied materials in after-hours trading , dealers said .
a group of scholars will press their offer to mediate between the government and islamist militants in a forthcoming meeting with the kingdom 's de facto ruler , one of the group said in an interview thursday .
tropical storm nepartak bore down on the central philippines on thursday with peak sustained winds of ## kilometers -lrb- ## miles -rrb- an hour , the weather bureau here said .
the double suicide bombing of an italian military base in the southern city of nasiriya killed a total of ## italians and nine iraqis , a diplomat at the italian embassy in baghdad told afp on thursday .
police in south china said thursday they had smashed a child trafficking ring in shenzhen city , rescuing nine children and arresting six suspects .
south korean share prices closed at their highs for the year thursday as economy-sensitive stocks and financials drew strong interest from foreign investors , dealers said .
australian share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday as key banks recovered from recent weakness and major resources stocks gained on hopes of global economic growth , dealers said .
indonesian troops have killed three more separatist rebels in aceh province , the military said thursday .
fire broke out thursday morning in israel 's independence museum in tel aviv in a meeting room used by the country 's first prime minister david ben gurion , police said .
the german telecommunications giant deutsche telekom said thursday it swung back into profit in the third quarter of the current year as all divisions reported an improvement in their underlying business .
an australian man whose fit of drunken air rage forced the diversion of his international flight was fined thursday and ordered to pay costs arising from the aircraft 's unscheduled landing .
some us generals believe the well-organized attacks on us-led occupation forces in iraq are part of pre-war planning by ex-iraqi dictator saddam hussein and his generals , the washington post said thursday .
thailand 's cigarette sales rose ## percent over the #### fiscal year due to a government crackdown on smuggling and the strong economic recovery , a health group said thursday .
a case brought against fiji 's vice president and five others on charges related to the country 's failed #### coup was moved to a higher court and will be heard on december ## , officials said friday .
a group of scholars will press their offer to mediate between the government and islamist militants in a forthcoming meeting with the kingdom 's de facto ruler , one of the group said in an interview thursday .
four-time defending champions cuba kept their hopes of making a berth in the athens olympic games alive by beating italy in the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on thursday .
the israeli army destroyed one house and damaged six others during an incursion thursday morning into the khan yunis area of the southern gaza strip , according to palestinian sources .
most new delhi residents believe life has improved in the past five years , a survey said thursday ahead of provincial elections seen as a barometer for national polls .
overseas workers remitted more than #.## billion dollars to the philippines in the nine months to september , up #.# percent from last year , the central bank said <unk> back to their relatives at home is a major source of foreign exchange for the cash-strapped country .
south korean share prices closed at their highs for the year thursday as economy-sensitive stocks and financials drew strong interest from foreign investors , dealers said .
the suicide bombing of an italian military base in the southern city of nasiriya wednesday killed a total of ## italians and nine iraqis , a diplomat at the italian embassy in baghdad told afp on thursday .
basf , the world 's leading chemicals maker , said thursday its earnings fell in the third quarter as the difficult economic environment ate into margins , and although the worst was over , full-year earnings were also likely to fall short of year-earlier levels .
the philippines said thursday it would continue sending peacekeeping troops to support us-led coalition forces in iraq despite a suicide bomb attack that left ## italians and iraqis dead .
the tamil tiger rebels on thursday asked peace broker norway to provide `` guarantees '' the group 's ceasefire with the sri lankan government remained valid despite the political crisis on the island .
china thursday warned taiwanese leader chen shui-bian his efforts to promote independence were pushing the island towards `` the brink of danger , '' and the mainland was ready to crush any attempt to split the country .
south korea 's us major league pitcher kim byung-hyun is under investigation over allegations he assaulted a photo journalist and broke his camera , police said thursday .
australia coach eddie jones said thursday the wallabies have found weaknesses in new zealand 's defensive armor that the defending champions can attack in saturday 's world cup semi-final .
rwe , germany 's second-biggest power supplier , said thursday that net profit fell as a result of one-off items in the first nine months , while underlying earnings showed an improvement .
hundreds of iraqi police , backed by the us-led coalition 's military police , launched thursday the largest post-war raid on suspected gangster hideouts in central baghdad , a senior iraqi official said .
major japanese trading house mitsubishi corp. said thursday first half net profit jumped ## percent from a year ago to ##.# billion yen -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- , driven by machinery sales .
french gross domestic product grew between #.# and #.# percent in the third quarter from the previous quarter as the economy escaped a recession , data published thursday by the french statistics institute insee showed .
the tamil tigers will respect a ceasefire with the sri lankan government despite the ongoing political crisis on the island , the rebels said thursday .
pakistan on thursday received twin installments totalling ### million dollars from the international monetary fund in the latest disbursement from a three year #.# billion dollar loan package .
hong kong gold prices closed higher thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the suicide bombing of an italian military base in the southern city of nasiriya wednesday killed a total of ## italians and nine iraqis , officials in baghdad and rome said thursday .
taiwan 's foreign ministry on thursday categorically denied accusations that the government spent ## million us dollars on projects in panama as a quid pro quo for president chen shui-bian 's visit .
strong export demand pulled the german economy , the euro zone 's biggest , out of its recent shallow recession in the third quarter of the current , but domestic demand remained stubbornly sluggish , official data showed on thursday .
struggling french engineering group alstom said thursday it sank into loss in the first half of its financial year hit by its cash crisis and a fall in orders .
chinese share prices closed marginally higher thursday , led by technology stocks , as bargain-hunting set in after another test of the lows , dealers said .
scores of malaysian civil groups and opposition parties on thursday urged the government to limit the period of a prime minister to just two terms and allow democracy to flourish .
at least ## people have died and #,### others have fallen ill from diarrhoea over the last three weeks in eastern indian villages due to dirty water after floods receded , an official said thursday .
italian consumer prices rose #.# percent in october from the previous month 's figure bringing the increase over ## months to #.# percent , final figures released thursday by the national statistics office istat showed .
hong kong shares closed #.## percent higher thursday on futures-linked short covering after gains on wall street , dealers said .
vietnam 's foreign donors will gather in hanoi early december for their annual two-day consultative group -lrb- cg -rrb- meeting to discuss the country 's aid program , one of the biggest in the world , the world bank said thursday .
the german electrical engineering conglomerate siemens said thursday fourth-quarter earnings outstripped its own expectations , fuelling optimism for its current business year .
britain 's dominant fixed-line telephone provider bt group announced thursday a rise in quarterly pre-tax profits , although turnover slipped as the company struggled to make up for a further decline in its traditional business .
french consumer prices rose #.# percent in october from the previous month 's figure and #.# percent over ## months led by a hike in the price of tobacco , provisional data released thursday by the national statistics institute insee showed .
south korean microchip giant samsung electronics co. announced an ambitious investment plan thursday to overtake motorola inc. , the world 's second largest mobile phone handset maker .
the french trade surplus rose to ### million euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in september when ## airbus airplanes with a value of ### million euros were delivered , seasonally adjusted data released thursday by french customs showed .
south korea 's second largest conglomerate lg group said thursday it would sell its entire holding in hanaro telecom after losing a bid for control of the leading internet service provider .
the spanish telecoms giant telefonica reported on thursday that it had switched back into a net profit of #.## billion euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- in the first nine months of the year from a loss of #.## billion euros in the same period of #### .
russia thursday criticised denmark for recent statements on chechnya and accused copenhagen of tolerating the presence on its territory of `` persons linked to al-qaeda and other terrorist groups .
china said thursday its space program will go on despite the probable loss of one of its three foreign space monitoring stations after the pacific nation of kiribati switched diplomatic recognition to taiwan .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale rattled northwest china 's gansu province thursday , but there were no immediate reports of casualties .
iraq is to negotiate with the us company boeing to lease its aircraft and train iraqi pilots , iraq 's interim transport minister said thursday .
germany emerged from its recent shallow recession in the third quarter , data showed on thursday , as strong export demand enabled the economy to grow by a modest #.# percent .
chinese share prices closed marginally higher thursday , led by technology stocks , as modest bargain-hunting set in after the index tested the lows , dealers said .
the suicide bombing of an italian military base in the southern city of nasiriya wednesday killed at least ## italians and nine iraqis , according to iraqi officials and the italian army chief of staff .
italian defense minister antonio martino toured thursday under tight security the italian base demolished by a suicide bombing that killed at least ## italians and nine iraqis , an afp correspondent reported .
russian rescuers thursday found the body of the pilot of a russian fighter which crashed during a training flight over armenia the day before , a spokesman for armenia 's defense ministry said .
a zimbabwean court on thursday ruled that four directors of the country 's only private daily should stand trial for publishing last month without a license .
china thursday sought to reassure pakistan on the eve of joint naval exercises with the south asian nation 's rival india , saying bilateral ties would not be affected .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale rattled northwest china 's gansu province thursday , injuring at least eight people and toppling houses .
china said thursday it was `` deeply worried '' about the situation in iraq after an attack which killed at least ## people including ## italian soldiers .
a bangladeshi court halted printing of the latest book by feminist writer taslima nasreen , who fled the country in #### after protests from muslim fundamentalists , judicial sources said thursday .
china next month will host an asia-pacific meeting on mobilizing international support for a solution to ending violence in the middle east , the foreign ministry said thursday .
an australian cat saved its owner 's home from burning thursday by <unk> at the owner to call the fire brigade .
the bangladeshi government has for the first time recognized a group lobbying on behalf of eunuchs , who face widespread discrimination across south asia , an official said thursday .
seven thai buddhist pilgrims died and ## others were injured when their pick-up truck collided head-on with another truck in northeastern thailand , police said thursday .
french advertising and communications group havas said thursday revenues fell in the first nine months as the dollar and pound <unk> <unk> the euro , but its shares surged #.# percent because the company said it was seeking to push back the maturity on its bonds .
britain 's dominant fixed-line telephone provider bt group announced thursday a rise in quarterly pre-tax profits , although turnover slipped as the company struggled to make up for further declines in its traditional business .
britain 's embattled state-owned post service royal mail has returned to profit after years of heavy losses , it said thursday , while warning that it was far from firm ground .
syria will continue dialogue with the united states following a vote in congress providing for sanctions against damascus , information <unk> #### .
the heirs to shipping legend stavros s niarchos said thursday they have decided to eliminate their shipping interests by selling their last remaining tankers .
swedish inflation edged slightly higher in october , rising #.# percent from the september figure , the swedish statistics bureau said on thursday .
indonesian share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday led by telkom as retail investors left the market ahead of a week-long ramadan holiday , dealers said .
malaysian share prices closed up #.## percent thursday on a modest technical rebound after recent losses , dealers said .
imelda marcos , the flamboyant former first lady of the philippines and widow of deposed dictator ferdinand marcos , appeared in court thursday after being threatened with jail for violating travel <unk> .
china has sentenced a laid-off worker to three years in prison after he called for the release of a young internet dissident , a court official said thursday .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov called his italian counterpart franco frattini to convey moscow 's condolences over the suicide bombing that killed at least ## italians in iraq , the foreign ministry said thursday .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- said thursday it would continue regular economic consultations with indonesia after jakarta exits a four-year , five billion dollar imf loan program in december .
china insisted thursday the dalai lama publicly accept that taiwan is a part of china and drop his call for tibetan independence if he ever wants to set foot in tibet again .
a farmer has discovered a buried stash of ## grenades left over from the vietnam war in the southern province of tra vinh , military officials said thursday .
the international energy agency raised thursday its forecast for global oil <unk> for this and next year because of a stronger-than-expected economic recovery in china .
total agricultural output in the philippines in the first nine months of #### rose #.## percent from last year , the agriculture department said thursday .
the indonesian government will go ahead with mass lay-offs at ailing state aircraft maker dirgantara indonesia -lrb- di -rrb- despite large-scale protests by workers , top economy minister dorodjatun kuntjoro-jakti said thursday .
maoist rebels and nepal 's mainstream parties have agreed to discuss closing ranks to demand king gyanendra call new elections after he sacked the elected government last year , political leaders said thursday .
syria will continue dialogue with the united states following a vote in the us congress providing for sanctions against damascus , information minister ahmad al-hassan said in a statement published thursday .
the thai stock market rose #.## percent thursday after selective buying in large capitalization stocks in the banking , building and energy sectors , analysts said .
spanish consumer prices rose by #.# percent in october from the september figure to bring the ##-month rate down to #.# percent from #.# a month ago , the national statistics institute ine said thursday .
indonesia 's government agreed thursday to provide most of the #.# trillion rupiah -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- needed to construct a bridge linking the indonesian island of madura to densely-populated east java province .
european stock markets posted some solid gains on thursday in the wake of new york 's pull-back from a three-day slump , with markets also benefiting from a rush of solid corporate and economic news .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld said thursday he will discuss with allies in east asia `` preliminary conclusions '' reached by the united states on a sweeping change in the positioning of us forces worldwide .
italy 's newspapers set the tone for a day of mourning across the shell-shocked country thursday , describing the attack which killed ## of its troops in nasiriyah as `` italy 's september ## '' .
malaysian share prices closed up #.## percent thursday on a modest technical rebound after recent losses , dealers said .
with a handful of votes still to be counted from georgia 's disputed november # parliamentary election , president eduard shevardnadze 's for a new georgia bloc is in the lead with ##.# percent of the vote , according to figures released thursday by the central election commission .
pakistani maritime officials arrested ## indian fishermen thursday for violating sea boundaries , a week after the warring neighbors exchanged fishermen prisoners as a peace gesture .
spain 's media on thursday warned the conflict in iraq appeared to be turning into a `` new lebanon '' following a suicide attack on an italian base that killed at least ## italians and nine iraqis .
a potential union of russia 's fractious liberal forces at next month 's parliamentary election fell apart for good thursday when its biggest fan anatoly chubais admitted there was too much infighting for the plan to work .
american ben curtis hit a seven-under-par ## to take a one-stroke lead over japanese rivals masashi ozaki and kiyoshi murota in the taiheiyo masters golf tournament on thursday .
some #,### palestinians joined by israeli and foreign peace activists demonstrated thursday against israel 's separation barrier in the west bank town of <unk> al-sharqiya .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale rattled northwest china 's gansu province thursday , killing at least one person and injuring eight more .
india 's cricket selectors , worried at the team 's recent lacklustre performance , on thursday put off the selection of the squad for the coming tour of australia .
the german telecommunications giant deutsche telekom unveiled better-than-expected third-quarter earnings on thursday and said it was making progress in reducing its <unk> mountain of debt .
early general elections will be held in serbia on december ## , the government 's presidential candidate , dragoljub micunovic , said thursday .
fifty carabinieri paramilitary police left italy early thursday for the iraqi city of nasiriyah , where ## italians were killed in the suicide bombing of their headquarters the day before .
alstom , the engineering giant recently rescued from looming collapse , reported on thursday that it had fallen into loss in the first half , but its share price rose on relief that the figures were not worse .
australia on thursday condemned the suicide bombing on an italian barracks in iraq but said it would not affect canberra 's troop deployment in the country .
moscow-based <unk> has opened a branch in ho chi minh city , becoming the first russian bank with a presence in vietnam , officials said thursday .
a member of the former sri lankan royal family is to make a donation of jewellery to the russian orthodox church in gratitude to the city of kostroma where her daughter was baptised , media reported thursday .
a british court thursday rejected russia 's request for the extradition of top chechen envoy akhmed zakayev , who is accused by moscow of `` terrorist '' activity .
serbia and montenegro president svetozar marovic arrived in bosnia thursday amid reports that he will apologize for crimes committed during the ####-## war that claimed over ###,### lives .
an agreement to maintain the `` status quo '' in the disputed <unk> island chain has not been violated and remains in effect , the philippines said thursday as it downplayed reports of increased chinese activity in the area .
the thai stock market rose #.## percent thursday after selective buying in large capitalization stocks in the banking , building and energy sectors , analysts said .
the italian government said thursday that a day of mourning would be declared to mark the funerals of the ## italians killed by a car bomb in iraq , but did not say when the funerals would be held .
the former director of the state taxation bureau in china 's northern hebei province was executed thursday for taking huge bribes and embezzling public funds , state media reported .
indian stocks fell #.## percent thursday as investors continued to book profits amid reports bourses may impose new ad hoc margins on brokers ' positions , dealers said .
the bloody legacy of saddam hussein has returned to haunt the us generals who so easily ousted him but now find themselves powerless to halt a rising tide of terror they fear he orchestrated .
iraq 's current `` president '' jalal talabani sent thursday letters of condolences to italian leaders , denouncing the `` horrible crime '' that left ## italians and nine iraqis dead .
a british court thursday rejected russia 's request for the extradition of top chechen envoy akhmed zakayev , wanted by moscow on terrorism charges , saying that he was at `` substantial risk '' of being tortured .
the italian cabinet met in crisis session on thursday amid calls to bring their troops home from iraq , as newspapers set the tone on a day for the country 's grief , describing the attack which killed ## of its troops as `` italy 's september ## '' .
a decision by britain to turn down a request for the extradition of a former iranian ambassador to argentina over the deadly bombing of a jewish cultural center in buenos aires , is proof of the `` corruption '' in the argentine investigation , an iranian official said thursday .
asian champions china edged past world silver medallists the united states in the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on thursday to become the first team to qualify for the athens olympics .
the german electrical engineering conglomerate siemens said thursday earnings outstripped its own expectations in the business year ended september ## , fuelling optimism for the new year .
two reporters refused thursday to testify at a german court over details of the us interrogation of a key suspect behind the september ## attacks .
three us soldiers were wounded thursday in separate attacks in kirkuk , north of baghdad , and fallujah , west of the iraqi capital , the us-led coalition and witnesses said .
palestinian premier ahmed qorei said thursday that he wanted concrete results from his upcoming meeting with israeli prime minister ariel sharon .
us national security advisor condoleezza rice said in remarks published thursday that the united states was screening members of the iraq-based iranian opposition people 's mujahedeen -lrb- mek -rrb- for possible links to terrorism .
german foreign minister joschka fischer will make a five-day visit to the united states next week to include talks with his us counterpart colin powell , his office said thursday .
the widespread notion that firm mattresses are best for people with lower back pain has been demolished <unk> billions of dollars in lost production .
basf , the world 's leading chemicals maker , said thursday its earnings fell in the third quarter as the difficult economic environment ate into margins in its key chemicals and plastics divisions .
afghanistan will start registering some ## million voters on december # ahead of its first democratic presidential polls , election officials said thursday on the second anniversary of the fall of the taliban .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma on thursday brandished the threat of dissolution against parliament , asking the constitutional court to spell out the conditions needed to justify such a move , the presidency said .
the belgian foreign and defense ministries thursday rebuffed allegations in a recently published book describing `` atrocious '' behavior by belgian un troops at the start of the country 's #### genocide .
lebanon 's shiite muslim fundamentalist movement hezbollah on thursday condemned the bombing of a riyadh housing compound that killed ## people , saying any such attack on civilians was unacceptable .
moscow criticised the speaker of the european parliament thursday for his biting criticism of the europe union 's failure to condemn the war in chechnya during a recent russia-eu summit .
a criminal court in western sudan sentenced five men to death by hanging after it found them guilty of murder , a newspaper said thursday .
a special lithuanian parliamentary committee probing charges that the office of president rolandas paksas had links with organised crime held its first public meeting on thursday .
malaysia 's no-frills carrier airasia said thursday it will begin flights to phuket , one of thailand 's premier tourist destinations , from december # .
ireland 's annual rate of inflation fell sharply to #.# percent in october , the lowest level since november #### , according to figures released on thursday by the central statistics office -lrb- cso -rrb- .
the dutch economy eased out of recession in the third quarter , growing a weak #.# percent from the second quarter , preliminary figures from the central bureau for statistics showed thursday .
early general elections will be held in serbia on december ## , a senior government official said thursday amid the worst political crisis since the ouster of former strongman slobodan milosevic .
belgium on thursday rebuffed allegations in a recently published book describing `` atrocious '' behavior by belgian un troops at the start of rwanda 's #### genocide .
indonesian share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday following a dip by telkom , as retail investors left the market ahead of a week-long ramadan holiday , dealers said .
international monetary fund managing director horst koehler on thursday urged kyrgyzstan to cut back its fiscal deficit caused particularly by spiralling electricity sector debt .
the head of the un world food program -lrb- wfp -rrb- will visit liberia at the weekend to review humanitarian aid operations in the war-ravaged west african state , the united nations said thursday .
a regular survey of professional economic forecasters by the european central bank showed that the experts were expecting the eurozone economy to grow by just #.# percent this year , the ecb said on thursday .
ronaldo confirmed here thursday that he and his wife milene domingues were divorcing but insisted that he was taking the marital split in his stride .
manchester united manager sir alex ferguson has confirmed that the club are on the verge of signing their first chinese player , ##-year-old striker dong fangzhou .
turkey 's governing party thursday asked parliament to investigate four former ministers over allegations of large-scale fraud in state banks and energy projects during their terms in office .
china thursday said it supported iran 's cooperation with the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- and hoped the nuclear issue could be resolved soon within the framework of the agency , state media reported .
swedish unemployment rose sharply in october from the same month a year ago , with the highest increase occurring among young people , the central statistics office -lrb- scb -rrb- said on thursday .
international monetary fund managing director horst koehler praised russia thursday as a `` bright spot '' in a low-growth global economy in talks with russian president vladimir putin .
paris will play host on friday and saturday to the second intergovernmental conference for the safeguarding and development of cambodia 's angkor wat temple complex , the country 's most treasured landmark .
a man alleged to have shot dead a popular indian model in a bar surrendered thursday to police after a judged canceled his bail .
palestinian premier ahmed qorei said thursday that he wanted concrete results from his upcoming meeting with israeli prime minister ariel sharon .
the concrete and reflective glass edifice that once housed the parliament of communist east germany is to be razed and turned into a temporary park , german lawmakers decided thursday .
the israeli army barred two palestinian children who were due to undergo heart surgery in armenia from leaving the gaza strip , palestinian medics and israeli military sources said thursday .
greek gay rights activists called for homosexuals to gather in athens and kiss in public on friday to protest a ###,###-euro fine imposed on a local television station for showing a male couple kissing .
eleven central african countries have adopted a #.# million dollar joint action plan to combat aids , which kills more than ###,### people in the region each year .
international monetary fund managing director horst koehler thursday praised russia as a `` bright spot '' in a low-growth global economy in talks with russian president vladimir putin .
russian president vladimir putin told the visiting imf head thursday that an official probe of the yukos oil giant did not mean that other privatization deals of the past decade would be reviewed , a top kremlin aide reported .
brazilian striker marcio amoroso has <unk> borussia dortmund 's medical team for what he claims was a faulty diagnosis on his knee injury .
the ##th of july bridge , a main route through the capital which was reopened in october after six months , is to close again , a senior coalition official said thursday .
islamabad , nov ## - a pakistani court thursday heard pleas for the release of top opposition leader javed hashmi , who is in jail on charges of attempting to incite a military mutiny .
europe 's longest chair lift on a glacier opened officially this week in zermatt , southern switzerland , giving snow fans all-year access to the ski resort , an official said thursday .
at least five people were killed and another five were missing after severe floods hit central vietnam , cutting off several villages , state television reported .
us president george w. bush said thursday he had asked his civilian overseer for iraq , paul bremer , to `` develop a strategy '' designed to accelerate the transfer to self-rule in that war-ravaged nation .
great britain have axed scrum-half sean long from the side that will endeavor to keep the ashes series alive in the second test against australia at hull on saturday .
saudi arabian shares closed the week thursday up #.# percent as investors shrugged off the negative impact of the bomb attack on a housing compound in riyadh that killed at least ## , bakheet financial advisers -lrb- bfa -rrb- said .
wal-mart 's profits for the third quarter picked up ##.# percent , but the world 's largest retailer just missed reaching the estimate of wall street economists .
spanish cyclist javier pascual llorente has been banned for ## months after testing positive for the performance enhancer epo in this year 's tour de france .
russian president vladimir putin told visiting imf head horst koehler thursday that an official probe of the yukos oil giant did not mean other privatization deals of the past decade would be reviewed .
liverpool midfielder steven gerrard has added to sven goran eriksson 's injury worries ahead of the friendly against denmark on sunday after being forced to withdraw from the squad with a back problem .
pakistan has opened a consulate in the main northern afghan city of mazar-i-sharif , an official said on thursday .
belgium-based veteran striker mike <unk> has been recalled to the kenyan national football team to face tanzania in the world cup preliminary return leg in nairobi on saturday .
british chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown will deliver his annual pre-budget report to parliament on december ## , he announced on thursday .
more than ### foreigners who were acquitted or completed their sentences still languish in bangladesh 's crowded jails because they can not pay their way home , state media reported thursday .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has won a compensation claim for slander from a newspaper owned by a business family at war with his government , erdogan 's lawyer said thursday .
nokia , the world 's largest mobile phone maker , said thursday that between ## and ## of its phones had exploded globally due to faulty <unk> batteries , but added that these incidents were rare .
sudan 's opposition islamist leader hassan al-turabi left here thursday to take part in an arab television program in qatar , a month after he was released from nearly three years of house arrest , his family said .
the head of the united nations ' cultural organization , koichiro matsuura , arrived here thursday for a five-day visit , officials said .
israeli archeologists announced thursday that they had discovered the remains of a roman thermal bath complex in the southern town of beersheva .
a french jet en route from paris to algiers was forced to make an emergency stop in central france thursday after a passenger warned there could be suspicious baggage on board , officials said .
a visiting british delegation to sierra leone said thursday that the government of president ahmad tejan kabbah must ensure transparency in its use of donor funds to revitalize the impoverished nation after a decade of civil war .
imf head horst koehler said thursday that president vladimir putin had assured him that there would be no reversal of privatization despite a prosecutors ' crackdown against the country 's largest oil company lukoil .
greece coach otto rehhagel has been rewarded for qualifying the country for next year 's euro #### championships by signing a two-year extension to his contract .
a turkish prosecutor has asked for a record ##,### years in jail for ## defendants , including two members of a controversial business family , in connection with one of the country 's biggest banking scandals .
the european court of human rights condemned turkey on thursday in a case where it was accused of torturing lawyers or treating them in an `` inhuman and degrading '' manner .
a group of ## iraqi air controllers have undergone a three-week training session in jordan and a second group is due here in early #### , officials said thursday .
us president george w. bush said thursday he had ordered his civilian overseer for iraq , paul bremer , to `` develop a strategy '' to accelerate the transfer to self-rule there -- as early as #### , according to media reports .
a french jet en route from paris to algiers was forced to make an emergency stop in central france thursday after a passenger warned there could be suspicious baggage on board , officials said .
the plight of several dozen garden gnomes stolen in eastern france has touched the hearts of school-children in the united states and is casting a warm glow on an otherwise chilly trans-atlantic relationship .
kyrgyzstan 's law enforcement agents are having their <unk> powers stretched to the limit after cost-cutting accountants disconnected their phone lines , the interior ministry said on thursday .
more than ## aid agencies from around the world including human rights watch and handicap international launched a new campaign here on thursday against the use of cluster bombs .
the spanish government on thursday took its fight to block plans for more basque autonomy in the northern region to the constitutional court , fearing it will lead to secession and the breakup of spain .
an ethiopian high court has sentenced to death a former military officer for his role in the killing of ## inmates and the torture of ## during the dictatorship of mengistu haile mariam more than two decades ago , a court source said thursday .
us researchers said thursday they have succeeded in creating an artificial virus from synthetic genes that can attack bacteria .
imf head horst koehler said thursday that president vladimir putin had assured him that there would be no reversal of privatization despite a prosecutors ' crackdown against the country 's largest oil company yukos .
short , violent thunderstorms swept across los angeles late wednesday , flooding roads and buildings and halting air traffic at the city 's international airport , the los angeles times reported thursday .
lebanese police this week seized #.# kilos -lrb- ## pounds -rrb- of heroin being transported by five people from karachi in pakistan to abidjan in ivory coast , the interior ministry said thursday .
zimbabwe 's main labor body has called for nationwide protests next week against economic problems and alleged rights abuses , a top labor official said thursday .
the son of egyptian president hosni mubarak , who holds a key post in the ruling national democratic party -lrb- ndp -rrb- , said thursday there was a pressing need to `` fight against poverty and inflation .
lazio defender jaap stam is uncertain for the crucial first leg of the euro #### qualifying playoff against scotland on saturday due to an ankle injury .
three south african mining houses formed the country 's largest black-owned gold producer thursday through a complicated <unk> and <unk> scheme .
the german government 's human rights expert thursday criticised president vladimir putin over russian abuses in chechnya and the detention of the former head of state oil company yukos .
the jailing of three top former officials of the french oil giant elf was an important victory in the battle against corruption , an angolan opposition leader said thursday .
israel has begun construction on a new tranche of its controversial separation barrier close to the heavily-populated <unk> settlement in the west bank , an afp journalist witnessed .
the german government 's human rights expert thursday criticised president vladimir putin over russian abuses in chechnya and the detention of the former head of oil giant yukos .
us central command deputy chief lieutenant general lance smith thursday met with pakistani president pervez musharraf , a key us ally in the international fight against terrorism , officials said .
the canadian firm petro-canada signed a contract here thursday for oil exploration and production in the eastern region of deir <unk> , the official news agency sana reported .
us president george w. bush urged thursday faster transfer of power to iraqis , a day after the worst attack yet on us-led occupation forces which italian defense minister antonio martino blamed on the al-qaeda network .
spanish climber joseba beloki , the former once man who has finished three times on the tour de france podium in the past four years , said thursday he will ride for a `` foreign '' team next season .
early general elections will be held in serbia on december ## , acting president natasa micic confirmed thursday amid the worst political crisis since the ouster of former strongman slobodan milosevic .
a united nations commission on thursday urged iran , which has been accused by the united states of seeking atomic weapons , to ratify without delay a #### treaty banning nuclear testing .
the new prosecutor of the un tribunal trying alleged ringleaders of the #### genocide in rwanda pledged thursday to speed up the court 's proceedings , which have come under fire for their sluggishness .
five passengers were killed on thursday when suspected lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- rebels ambushed a passenger vehicle in northern uganda , the army said .
aston villa manager david o'leary on thursday dismissed rumors suggesting he would take over at troubled premiership side leeds if given the call .
irish government expenditure growth will be restricted to an increase of five percent next year , prime minister bertie ahern said thursday as official financial forecasts for #### were published .
iran warned thursday of an `` international crisis '' if the united nations nuclear watchdog refers the issue of its nuclear program to the un security council .
the european court of human rights on thursday condemned turkey for torturing lawyers or treating them in an `` inhuman and degrading '' manner to force them to confess to having aided kurdish separatists .
the saudi stock market enjoyed a slight increase in the past week while most other bourses in the gulf and the rest of the middle east also made gains .
a member of iraq 's governing council , ahmad chalabi , urged washington thursday to give the us-backed leadership more control over iraqi security , the day after the deadliest attack on us-led coalition forces since the fall of baghdad .
fearful of the political fall-out from this year 's dramatic increase in cigarette prices , the french government on thursday unveiled measures to reassure the country 's tobacconists who say they face falling income and a growing threat of violent assault .
afghani , because most of these people are in pakistan .
ireland wants to invigorate the european union 's economy when the island nation assumes the eu presidency for the first half of #### , irish prime minister bertie ahern said here thursday .
european stock markets posted small gains thursday , with the ftse ### index rising #.## percent to #,### points .
israel on thursday expelled a palestinian detainee from the west bank to the gaza strip , in the third such measure this week , palestinian security sources said .
italy 's football league -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said thursday it would donate its christmas fund to the families of the ## italian victims of the iraq car bomb attack .
iran warned thursday of an `` international crisis '' if the united nations nuclear watchdog refers the issue of its nuclear program to the un security council .
keen to underpin its booming business , germany 's beate uhse sex chain said thursday that it is to open erotica shops aimed at women put off by the traditionally male-dominated sex store .
a former swiss diplomat went on trial in bern thursday charged with illegally importing more than ##,### bottles of alcohol into saudi arabia while posted as <unk> there .
a romanian court has ordered the state to release telephone bugging records for the ## years since the fall of communist dictator nicolae ceausescu and his dreaded regime , a human rights group said thursday .
around ## train passengers were left stranded in the black forest in southwest germany after what the rail company , deutsche bahn , described thursday as a `` chain of unfortunate events '' .
nato could take a larger role in iraq , the alliance 's secretary general george robertson said thursday , while insisting that its priority was afghanistan .
oil prices were slightly lower on thursday as traders attempted to make sense of two sets of diverging data as to the extent of us energy stockpiles .
a ford car plant in belgium hit by painful job cuts drew some comfort thursday as the us automaker announced it will build three new vehicle models there , worth some ###-### million euros in investment .
one of georgia 's most powerful political figures , aslan abashidze , flew to the russian capital for talks thursday amid a political crisis at home which has left georgian leader eduard shevardnadze fighting for his political survival .
a latvian university student hitch-hiking across iraq has been detained by us troops who he says suspect him of being one of the `` foreign fighters '' accused of carrying out deadly attacks on coalition forces .
zimbabwe were ###-# in their first innings in reply to the west indies total of ### at close of play on the second day of the second test here on thursday .
the un security council on thursday extended for three months the mandate of a un mission to the troubled west african nation of ivory coast .
iran warned thursday there would be an international crisis if the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- referred tehran 's controversial nuclear program to the united nations security council .
russia warned thursday that britain 's refusal to extradite a top chechen envoy whom moscow accuses of `` terrorist '' activity will hurt the global anti-terror coalition and bilateral ties .
the italian cabinet issued a decree thursday authorising the immediate construction of a site where all the country 's radioactive nuclear waste will be deposited .
the leader of a protest movement which has plunged the former soviet republic of georgia into a political crisis has urged all his compatriots to gather in the capital on friday to demand the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze .
lesotho police on thursday appointed a senior officer to conduct an inquiry into the fatal shooting of two factory workers during a protest march in which more than ### other demonstrators were injured .
england defender rio ferdinand on thursday formally denied the misconduct charge he faces for failing to take a routine drug test and requested a personal hearing with the football association .
united airlines may have hit on a name for its new discount carrier -- ted -- but some analysts question whether the launching of the low-cost carrier will help the ailing airline 's fortunes .
un peacekeeping forces opened two days of joint war games in sierra leone with the impoverished west african state 's military and police , a un military spokesman said thursday .
england skipper and real madrid star david beckham will notch up a hat-trick with a difference when his likeness is placed in madrid 's waxworks in the coming weeks , sources at the museum said thursday .
us inventories of crude oil declined over the past week , while gasoline reserves were replenished , according to government and industry reports thursday .
israel on thursday expelled a palestinian detainee from the west bank to the gaza strip , in the third such measure this week , palestinian security sources said .
slovenia 's success in reducing inflation may allow it to join the european union exchange rate mechanism for <unk> countries sooner than planned , finance minister dusan mramor said thursday .
south african deputy president jacob zuma on thursday defended his country 's continued troop presence in burundi , as he prepared to leave for tanzania to attend a peace summit on the war-torn central african country .
leeds united striker alan smith was on thursday called up to help solve england 's striker crisis ahead of sunday 's friendly international against denmark at old trafford .
ronald de boer is poised to make a return for rangers in the new year after undergoing his fifth bout of knee surgery , the scottish club announced on thursday .
about #,### `` dangerous '' loyalists of ousted dictator saddam hussein are fighting the us-led occupation in iraq and must be overcome , the general in charge of us forces said thursday .
the western germany city of wuppertal is to return three paintings seized by the nazis from jewish families between #### and #### , a local official said thursday .
a us helicopter pilot who died in a deadly ambush in iraq last week will be buried in a church graveyard without military honors thursday at the request of his mother , the chicago tribune reported .
the second of a fleet of former us navy vessels embroiled in an environmental row docked in england thursday , despite a legal freeze on plans to dismantle the ships here .
six people , including two career military officers , have been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged corruption during public tenders for military supplies , the warsaw public prosecutor said on thursday .
a state disciplinary panel thursday removed alabama state supreme court justice roy moore from his post for refusing to remove a large granite ten commandments monument from his court building in montgomery , alabama .
newcastle striker lomana lualua faces the wrath of manager bobby robson after he criticised the way the premiership club is handled .
seven balkan states signed a series of deals in rome thursday establishing a free trade area covering ## million people and seen as a step to eventual european union membership .
german foreign minister joschka fischer called on poland thursday to compromise in a dispute over a planned eu constitution , which would strip warsaw of some of its new voting powers once it joins the bloc next year .
russian health authorities on thursday suspended the sale of baby food products manufactured by the german company humana , one of which has been tied to the deaths of two israeli infants .
european champions ac milan and fellow italian giants juventus have called off their proposed friendly match which was to have taken place in saudi arabia in december following wednesday 's suicide bomb attack in iraq .
the dollar remained under pressure in late european trades thursday following the release of uninspiring us data and owing to unrest in iraq , analysts said .
lawmakers in the us senate introduced legislation thursday to crack down on video and audio piracy , which they said is hurting the entertainment industry 's bottom line .
croatian said thursday it was preparing for international arbitration to resolve a long-standing adriatic sea border row with neighbouring slovenia .
jacqueline kennedy mulled suicide after her husband , president john f. kennedy , was assassinated in #### , said her priest 's diary , parts of which have been published for the ##th anniversary of the killing .
barcelona president joan laporta has received a spate of venomous messages including death threats believed to come from the club 's extreme <unk> <unk> section of fans .
afghanistan 's foreign minister turned up the heat on pakistan thursday , calling for a crackdown on taliban leaders inciting holy war from pakistani territory , a day before he is expected at the white house .
the spanish airline iberia reported thursday a ##.# percent slump in net profit to ###.# million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- for the first nine months of the year but forecast a stronger fourth quarter .
the us city of los angeles was cleaning up thursday after being battered by short , violent thunder and hail storms that flooded roads and homes and disrupted air traffic .
a senior nato official expressed concern thursday over a lack of equipment for the alliance-led international security assistance force -lrb- isaf -rrb- in afghanistan , in particular helicopters .
us president george w. bush telephoned italian prime minister silvio berlusconi thursday to offer his condolences for the ## italians killed in a suicide bombing in iraq , the white house said .
the leading manufacturers ' organization and union movement in nigeria , africa 's largest oil producer , criticised the government on thursday for importing fuel .
a french jet en route from paris to algiers was forced to make an emergency stop in central france thursday after a passenger warned there could be suspicious baggage on board , officials said .
the lebanon-based shiite militant movement , hezbollah , vowed on thursday to pursue a prisoner exchange deal with israel , adding that the situation would become clearer when german negotiators arrived in the next few days .
us troops continued to step up their offensive against `` terrorists '' in baghdad , with the launch of a fresh ground and aerial assault thursday night , an american military spokesman said .
more than ### used-car dealers thursday protested outside the cypriot parliament here against a government bill that would slash new car prices by ## percent , in line with eu regulations .
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee late thursday arrived in tajikistan 's capital dushanbe , where he is to meet with the former soviet republic 's president , emomali rakhmonov , following a visit to russia .
the primate of the anglican communion in nigeria , who recently condemned the ordination of an openly gay bishop in the united states , was thursday elected president of the powerful christian association of nigeria -lrb- can -rrb- .
leeds united striker alan smith was on thursday arrested over allegations that he threw a bottle into the crowd during a match , the bbc reported .
britain 's decision not to extradite an iranian diplomat linked to a deadly #### bombing of a jewish cultural center in buenos aires is `` deplorable , '' the attorney for the survivors said thursday .
taiwan 's top policymaker on relations with mainland china launched a low-key visit to washington on thursday , hours after beijing delivered a stern rebuke to president chen shui-bian over what it said was a drive for independence .
israeli soldiers have arrested a suspected militant from the radical islamic jihad group in the northern west bank , a statement from the military said thursday .
j. alfred broaddus , president of the richmond federal reserve bank , announced thursday that he plans to step down from his post next august .
nato confirmed thursday that it will conduct next year its first joint military exercises with russia , saying that one of them would be a maritime rescue operation .
us attack planes and ground forces continued their offensive on thursday against `` terrorists '' in baghdad , blasting a building near the airport and hitting targets across the iraqi capital , american military spokesmen said .
bolton 's hopes of surviving in the premiership this season suffered a major blow on thursday when nigerian star jay-jay okocha insisted he will play in the african nations cup next year .
british police thursday charged four men with the murders of two teenage girls in a shooting during a new year party which shocked the nation .
sotheby 's auction house reported ##.## million dollars in sales -- its second-highest total for an auction of contemporary art since #### .
an american was arrested thursday after clashes erupted between troops and israeli and foreign peace activists demonstrating against israel 's separation barrier in the west bank .
the italian government moved thursday to tighten security in the country following the suicide bombing in iraq that killed ## italians , interior minister giuseppe pisanu announced .
secret files made public for the first time friday shed fresh light on the role played by british double agent kim philby in one of the biggest espionage scandals of the cold war , showing he was entrusted with analyzing the impact of a major soviet defector .
five us soldiers were wounded thursday in three separate attacks in kirkuk , north of baghdad , and fallujah , west of the iraqi capital , police and witnesses said .
the leading opposition party in the former soviet republic of azerbaijan was evicted from its offices thursday in what one human rights group said was part of an official campaign to intimidate the opponents of president ilham aliyev .
seoul and las vegas will host champ car races in #### , the organisers announced on thursday .
a german chemicals company which manufactured poison gas used to exterminate hundreds of thousands of jews during the nazi era will continue to work on a planned holocaust memorial in berlin , the foundation funding its construction said thursday .
leeds united striker alan smith was on thursday arrested over allegations that he threw a bottle into the crowd during a match , the bbc reported .
mauritanian prime minister <unk> ould m ` <unk> announced thursday a major government reshuffle which sees the arrival of several newcomers , among them a woman .
serbia 's presidential election on sunday is likely to be valid , with a turnout slightly over the required ## percent , but every vote could count , a survey published thursday showed .
three former top officials of computer maker gateway were hit with civil fraud charges thursday , accused of cooking the company 's books to meet wall street earnings expectations , officials said .
europe 's beautiful scenery can not be taken for granted and the continent 's rural areas face major problems as traditional farming declines , delegates to a rural development conference were warned thursday .
haitian police used teargas and fired shots in the air to prevent clashes between rival groups of protesters , after #,### students took to the streets to demand president jean bertrand aristide 's resignation .
microsoft rivals believe the us software giant will not be able to reach a settlement over its eu anti-trust probe if the european commission continues to pursue its case with the same vigor , a key representative said late thursday .
the us congress approved a measure maintaining travel restrictions on us citizens to cuba , even though both the senate and the house of representatives earlier passed separate measures lifting the ## year-old ban .
arab league secretary general amr mussa said wednesday that it was hypocritical to accuse iran of seeking nuclear weapons while israel escaped censure .
former czech president vaclav havel became the first winner of a new `` ambassador of conscience '' award from the human rights group amnesty international at a ceremony in dublin on thursday .
personal computer giant dell posted a third-quarter net profit thursday of ### million dollars , up ## percent over the ### million it earned in the year-ago period .
two members of the egyptian parliament resigned thursday over their failure to perform military service and a third was kicked out on corruption charges , bringing to ## the number of deputies who have lost their seats in a week .
<unk> gagne took the national league cy young award the same way he finishes games , in commanding fashion .
three former top officials of computer maker gateway were hit with civil fraud charges thursday , accused of cooking the company 's books to meet wall street earnings expectations , officials said .
chess superstar gary kasparov on thursday lost his second virtual reality game against the computer `` x#d fritz , '' after agreeing to a draw with the machine in their first match .
mutual fund giant putnam investment management reached an agreement thursday with regulators to compensate investors for losses resulting from improper trading in the funds .
argentine foreign minister rafael bielsa thursday stepped into an international legal fray around a deadly #### bombing here , after britain refused to extradite a former iranian diplomat sought by buenos aires .
rainer schuettler spoiled andy roddick 's coronation celebration as atp year-end world number one , beating the us open champion #-# , #-# -lrb- #\/# -rrb- , #-# -lrb- #\/# -rrb- at the masters cup here thursday .
the world bank on thursday approved a ##.# million dollar grant to fight aids along the high-risk african corridor linking the ivory coast commercial hub of abidjan with lagos , nigeria , and affecting three intermediary countries .
the us congress approved a measure maintaining travel restrictions on us citizens to cuba , even though both the senate and the house of representatives earlier passed separate measures lifting the ## year-old ban .
the united states on thursday said it would encourage bolivia to export natural gas despite controversy over such a project that forced the ouster of president gonzalo sanchez de lozada last month .
cleveland browns running back william green 's off-the-field problems will keep him out of the lineup for another month .
a young female student was shot and killed on thursday in the city of gonaives ### kilometers -lrb- ### miles -rrb- north of here as police broke up an anti-government protest , according to sources at the scene .
the main international airport in the caribbean island nation of trinidad and tobago was shut down thursday after officials there received anonymous bomb threats , police told local radio .
the widespread notion that firm mattresses are best for people with lower back pain has been demolished by a medical study which says the problem is best tackled by mattresses of medium firmness .
some ### right-wing paramilitaries are to begin disarming on november ## , the first step in a process that aims to have all ##,### of their fighters lay down their arms , the government said thursday .
a group of australian police officers , led by the head of the country 's anti-terrorist unit , arrived here late thursday for talks with french anti-terrorist judge jean-louis bruguiere , an informed source said .
some ### right-wing paramilitary fighters are to begin disarming on november ## , the first step in a process that aims to have all ##,### fighters lay down their arms , the government said thursday .
australian police have seized a #.# metre -lrb- eight foot -rrb- crocodile being kept as a pet in a suburban backyard in australia 's largest city .
share prices in tokyo opened higher friday with the nikkei-### index gaining #.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
new delhi was selected thursday to host the #### commonwealth games , beating hamilton , canada , to become just the second asian city to host the massive multi-sports event for the ## commonwealth nations .
canada 's lorie kane overcame an opening bogey , gusty winds and cool temperatures thursday to post a #-under-par ## , good enough for a one-stroke lead over australian karrie webb at the mobile lpga tournament of champions .
us president george w. bush shrugged off concerns friday that massive demonstrations planned by anti-war campaigners could disrupt his state visit to britain next week .
brazil coach carlos alberto parreira has warned that the world champions have enough fire in their reserves to survive without injured stars ronaldinho and roberto carlos in south american world cup qualifiers which get underway this weekend .
russia have identified ryan giggs as the man who could wreck their chances of reaching next summer 's euro #### finals - and that is just fine by wales manager mark hughes .
world cup finalists germany have a chance to find out how far they have progressed when they host reigning european champions france at the arena auf schalke on saturday .
spain will make their final throw of the dice on home soil as they bid to batter down the back door into the #### european championship finals on saturday with a clear win over norway in saturday 's first leg of their playoff tie .
cincinnati bengals wide receiver chad johnson , who is on pace to break the single-season team record for receiving yards , was rewarded wednesday night with a five-year contract extension .
some ### right-wing paramilitary fighters are to begin disarming on november ## , the first step in a process that aims to have all ##,### fighters lay down their arms , the government said thursday .
tropical storm nepartak pounded the central philippines early friday , leaving nearly four million people without electricity and close to #,### ferry passengers stranded , officials said .
us president george w. bush indicated friday a softening of stance against so-called rogue states iran and north korea by saying that military action was not the only way to deal with problems .
the us central command will shortly be sending several hundred troops to qatar , its operations base during the war on iraq earlier this year , a military spokesman announced thursday .
hong kong gold prices opened higher friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
prime minister jean chretien , after receiving dozens of tributes on his last night as liberal party leader , outlined here late thursday his greatest accomplishments during his ## years as party leader and ## as premier .
us forces under daily attack in iraq pressed efforts thursday to regain the offensive with `` operation iron hammer , '' an air and ground campaign targeting `` terrorists '' said to be supporters of ousted dictator saddam hussein .
germany 's alex cejka and marcel siem led the first round of the world golf <unk> cup thursday with a #-under ## , a stroke better than welshmen ian woosnam and bradley dredge .
movie star robert de niro plans to invest an undisclosed sum in the construction of a new hotel in southern manhattan in the neighborhood where the world trade center 's twin towers once stood , developers said thursday .
prime minister jean chretien , after receiving dozens of tributes on his last night as liberal party leader , outlined here late thursday his greatest accomplishments during his ## years as party leader and ## as prime minister .
australian researchers reported friday a significant and steady reduction in antarctic sea ice over the past ## years in a development with implications for understanding global climate change .
a us restaurant that boasts a house special of sushi served on a naked woman has sparked furious protests by asian women 's groups , but eager diners are jostling for seats .
the us central command will shortly send several hundred troops to qatar , its operations base during the war on iraq earlier this year , a military spokesman announced thursday .
hong kong share prices fell #.## percent in opening trade on friday , following overnight decline on wall street , dealers said .
new delhi was selected thursday to host the #### commonwealth games , beating hamilton , canada , to become just the second asian city to host the massive multi-sports event for the ## commonwealth nations .
the tumultuous portland trail blazers will have a steadying presence for another year .
australian telecommunications giant telstra corp. said friday it is on course to meet full year profit targets and dismissed suggestions that competitors would further erode its domestic market share .
indonesian police briefly detained a couple who tried to take their dead baby onto an aeroplane in a bag , the state antara news agency said friday .
british prime minster tony blair should insist to us president george w. bush that us detainees at guantanamo bay , cuba , be tried in legal proceedings that meet international standards , human rights watch said thursday .
mongolian prime minister nambaryn enkhbayar is to visit north korea shortly , pyongyang 's state media said friday , following seoul 's announcement that he would be going there later this month .
oil prices were slightly higher in asian trade friday after oil inventory data showed a fall in us crude stocks , dealers said .
china has won a ## million dollar grant from the global fund to fight its ballooning aids problem amid growing concerns that beijing is not doing enough to tackle the crisis , state-run media said friday .
thai wildlife officials said friday they had seized ### pangolins packed up in air freight that were believed to be bound for china to be killed and eaten .
china and india embarked friday on their first ever joint naval exercises off the coast of shanghai as part of a drive to warm frosty ties between the two asian powers .
a youth allegedly attacked a malaysian police station housing senior officers with a molotov cocktail but was arrested immediately afterwards , police said friday .
australia announced it was extending its air force deployment in iraq friday as prime minister john howard said the us-led coalition would not be intimidated by escalating terrorist attacks .
rugby 's world cup could break new ground at the weekend if either of the semi-finals is tied after the ## minutes .
coach clive woodward promised fans they would see the `` real england '' when the six nations champions faced france in their world cup semi-final here at olympic stadium on sunday .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi has congratulated palestinian premier ahmed qorei on the launch of his cabinet , and expressed his support for the peace process , the foreign ministry said friday .
philippine share prices closed marginally higher friday as select bargain-hunting allowed the market to halt an extended slide , dealers said .
china had #.# million broadband subscribers at the end of september , nearly three times as many as a year earlier , state media reported friday .
hong kong shares closed slightly higher in morning trade on friday on selective bargain hunting , dealers said .
two israeli men and an englishwoman were friday jailed for up to eight-and-a-half years in new zealand in connection with one of the biggest <unk> of the drug ecstasy into the country .
the main separatist group in corsica , the corsican national liberation front -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , speaking at a clandestine press conference overnight , announced the unconditional suspension of its `` military actions '' on the french island .
a discharged taiwanese military intelligence officer and one of his former colleagues have been arrested on charges of espionage for communist china , the defense ministry said friday .
the main separatist group in corsica , the <unk> , speaking at a clandestine press conference overnight , announced the immediate and unconditional suspension of its `` military actions '' on the mediterranean french island .
australian share prices closed #.# percent lower friday as the australian dollar 's rise to fresh six-year highs hit exporters such as the resources and news corp. , dealers said .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , just managing to finish in positive territory as late rotational trade offset early losses seen after a weaker wall street overnight , dealers said .
the united states has warned key war-on-terror ally pakistan that banned islamic extremist groups which are re-emerging under new names are posing a threat inside and outside pakistan .
new zealand share prices ended the week on a mildly negative note friday , falling #.## percent in mixed trade , dealers said .
the indonesian navy has arrested ## thais for fishing illegally off java island and sank their ship , an officer said friday .
japan 's world no. ## ai sugiyama leads a strong international field of former champions and rising stars launching the australian tennis season at the ###,### us dollar australian hardcourt championship here in january , organisers said on friday .
china friday promised stiff punishments for officials who keep suspects in custody for years or decades rather than the maximum ## days allowed by the law .
new zealand share prices ended the week on a mildly negative note friday , down #.## percent in mixed trading , dealers said .
australian share prices closed #.# percent lower friday as the australian dollar 's rise to fresh six-year highs hit exporters such as the resources companies and news corp. , dealers said .
australian trade minister mark vaile announced friday he has brought forward a meeting of the cairns group of agricultural exporting countries by seven months in an effort to energise floundering world trade talks .
moody 's investors services on friday placed its ratings of nissan on review for a possible upgrade due to the japanese carmaker 's continued improvement in sales and finance .
a human smuggling ring that sends illegal chinese immigrants to the united states has been busted in a sting operation by the us and philippine authorities , the immigration bureau said friday .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , just managing to finish in positive territory as late rotational trade offset early losses seen after a weaker wall street overnight , dealers said .
a brother of the late founder of the hyundai group declared an end friday to a bitter family feud and said he had won control of the troubled business empire .
south korean shares closed marginally lower friday after seesawing trade as investors booked profits in large caps following the local market 's steep gains and wall street 's losses , dealers said .
the australian government on friday denied lying to the public over whether ## turkish boat people had claimed asylum after they landed on a remote island in its northern waters .
australian share prices will be driven by the health of the local currency and performances on wall street next week as investors step back from a busy period , dealers said friday .
philippine share prices may be due for a technical rally next week , barring any major political trouble at the weekend , dealers said friday .
south korean shares closed marginally lower friday after seesawing trade as investors booked profits in large caps following the local market 's steep gains and wall street 's losses , dealers said .
the australian government on friday denied lying to the public over whether ## turkish boat people had claimed asylum after they landed on a remote island in its northern waters .
a thai military envoy will go to iraq later this month to assess the conditions facing ### troops there amid growing public concern over their safety , officials said friday .
two opposition parties on friday pressed newly installed prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi to order a retrial for jailed former deputy premier anwar ibrahim , a victim of political conspiracy .
a us-funded printing plant is set to open on friday in kyrgyzstan , aimed at helping news media fight censorship from central asia 's authoritative governments , the us democratisation group freedom house said .
french catering group sodexho alliance on friday posted a ##.# percent fall in net profit for its financial year ended august ## as the strength on the euro against other currencies cut into its bottom line .
a debt-ridden philippines utility , <unk> water services inc. , on friday sought court protection from creditors after an international arbitrator ordered it to pay more than ### million dollars in concession fees to the state .
german insurance giant allianz said friday it booked a profit in the third quarter on the back of cost-cutting measures , but the overall results fell short of analysts ' expectations owing to the continued disappointing performance of its troubled banking unit dresdner bank .
the indonesian government on friday ruled out any ceasefire in its bloody six-month war with aceh separatist rebels unless the guerrillas give up their independence demand and disarm .
suspected muslim separatist guerrillas hacked to death a woman and her six children in an attack in the southern philippines , the military said friday .
an australian mechanic faced court friday charged with the outback murder of a british tourist in #### .
italian gross domestic product grew #.# percent in the third quarter from the figures for the previous quarter and for the same period last year , official estimates showed on friday .
india is open to privatising its premier film and television institute in light of the increasing <unk> of the entertainment industry , information minister ravi shankar prasad said .
tropical storm nepartak pounded the central philippines early friday , killing four people , leaving millions without electricity and some #,### ferry passengers stranded , officials said .
hong kong shares closed #.## percent lower friday led by falls on wall street , dealers said .
the indonesian navy has found a mine in the malacca strait , one of the world 's busiest shipping lanes , a navy spokesman said friday .
fourteen indonesian policemen have been detained over the fatal beating of a teenager suspected of theft , police said friday .
a us military base dubbed `` the most evil place in afghanistan '' came under renewed rocket attack but there were no casualties , a us military spokesman said friday .
australia and new south wales captain steve waugh made a bold bid for victory over tasmania on the third day of the sheffield shield clash here friday .
germany 's conservative christian democratic union -lrb- cdu -rrb- voted friday to expel a party member from parliament over an allegedly anti-semitic speech , a member of the party 's parliamentary group said .
four former heads of the israeli shin beth interior security service warned in interviews published friday of the `` disastrous '' consequences of israel 's continued occupation of the palestinian territories .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra said friday he had been inundated with invitations to buy football clubs after his failed attempt for premier league side fulham .
sri lankan share prices fell #.## percent friday after norway announced it was suspending its efforts to broker a peace with tamil tiger rebels due to the political crisis in the island , dealers said .
thre us soldiers were wounded in an attack in the northern iraqi city of mosul where the american military made a series of arrests , a us military spokesman said friday .
germany 's conservative christian democratic union -lrb- cdu -rrb- voted friday to expel a party member from parliament over an allegedly anti-semitic speech , a member of the party 's parliamentary group said .
there is no firm timeline for when international un staff will return to baghdad , a top un official told afp friday , as key un agencies rapped up consultations here on the future of the iraq mission following recent suicide bombings .
a ##-year-old briton has been arrested at bangkok 's international airport with ### fake passports , immigration police said friday .
chinese share prices rebounded to close up #.## percent friday with the banks leading the way after huaxia bank said it would not seek a second fund-raising exercise in the near term , dealers said .
nine people were killed when a fire broke out in a cafe patronized largely by students in the western city of izmir , the anatolia news agency reported friday .
a reporter for a state-run newspaper in vietnam was detained and attacked while taking pictures of a burning ship at a small company shipyard in ho chi minh city , paper officials said friday .
georgia 's embattled president eduard shevardnadze said in a televised address friday that he was ready to open talks with the opposition in order to avoid a `` civil war '' , but again warned he would not be forced to resign .
separatist rebels kidnapped and beheaded four schoolboys in the northeastern indian state of assam , bringing to seven the death toll this week in a tribal turf war , police said friday .
british satellite tv group bskyb was in bullish mood friday as it unveiled quarterly results ahead of a showdown with shareholders angry at the appointment of rupert murdoch 's younger son as its new chief executive .
indonesia on friday described australia 's expulsion of ## turkish asylum-seekers as `` inconsistent '' with its obligations as a signatory of the #### united nations convention on refugees .
the tokyo metropolitan government said friday it would buy a wholly-owned unit of the french banking group bnp paribas to launch its own bank to help small firms rejected by risk-averse commercial lenders .
a tajik father and son have been sentenced to ## and ## years jail terms in tajikistan for allegedly spying for the neighboring former soviet republic of uzbekistan , court official said friday .
a german court on friday dismissed the country 's first lawsuit brought by a chain smoker claiming compensation from a tobacco firm for damage to his health he says was caused by smoking .
china has won a ## million dollar grant from the global fund to fight its ballooning aids problem amid growing concerns that beijing is not doing enough to tackle the crisis , officials and state media said friday .
the us embassy in riyadh announced friday that it will reopen its embassy in the saudi capital , closed a week ago for security reasons .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra said friday he had been inundated with invitations to buy football clubs after his failed attempt for premier league side fulham .
indian kashmir 's top separatist leader said friday that new delhi had not yet formally invited him for talks , after the government said the breakthrough meeting could take place next month .
swedish opposition to the european single currency has strengthened since voters in the scandinavian country rejected the euro in a referendum two months ago , a poll published on friday showed .
there is no firm timeline for when international un staff will return to baghdad , a top un official told afp friday , as key un agencies held talks here on the future of the iraq mission following recent suicide bombings .
hong kong shares closed #.## percent lower friday with most investors refusing to take any solid positions in the market ahead of the release of key us data , dealers said .
gold prices were hovering ever nearer to the ### dollar per ounce level on friday , threatening to breach the psychologically important mark for the first time in more than seven years .
three policemen were killed and seven others injured friday when a blast tore through a one-story house in the republic of ingushetia , neighboring war-torn chechnya , emergencies ministry officials said .
new delhi chief minister sheila <unk> opted friday to contest elections from the home district of an expelled party colleague sentenced to death for burning his dismembered wife in an oven .
the us embassy in riyadh announced that it will reopen its embassy in the saudi capital on saturday , after closing a week ago for security reasons .
at least three students from a hong kong secondary school have been infected with hand , foot and mouth disease , a health department spokesman said friday .
a chinese farmer who was spurned by his mistress took revenge by killing her two children with rat poison , state media reported friday .
a raging snow storm that hit china 's capital beijing last week damaged a total of ## million trees , state media reported friday .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , just managing to finish in positive territory as late rotational trade offset early losses seen after a weaker wall street overnight , dealers said .
philippine president gloria arroyo warned friday against new attempts to destabilize her government and undermine presidential elections in may #### .
hong kong investors go into the next week cautiously as they await the reaction of us markets to more key economic data due out later friday , dealers said .
chemical makers in germany saw production and sales stagnate in the period from july to september , but are still banking on an increase in business for the whole of #### , the vci industry federation said on friday .
five homemade explosive devices were set off overnight in athens in front of greek banks and the offices of the conservative party , causing damage , police said friday .
great britain 's bid to pull level in the ashes series against australia was heating up this week thanks to a session of barefoot walking over hot coals .
malaysian share prices closed little changed friday , with some support for the large caps allowing the benchmark composite index to just hold in <unk> territory , dealers said .
at least four policemen were killed and eight others injured friday when a blast tore through a one-story house in the republic of ingushetia , neighboring war-torn chechnya , emergencies ministry officials said .
indonesian shares prices closed down #.## percent friday as investors withdrew funds in the run-up to a week-long ramadan holiday and with sentiment hurt by weaker regional markets , dealers said .
british open champion ben curtis shot a three-under-par ## to stretch his lead to two strokes after the second round at the taiheiyo masters golf tournament on friday .
new zealand captain <unk> vincent , scott styris and ian butler - withdraw .
the european commissioner for economic and monetary affairs , pedro solbes , said in a newspaper interview published friday that eu budget sanctions should be applied to any eurozone member state that fails to get its finances in order .
ac milan 's want-away brazilian midfielder rivaldo has revealed he has held negotiations with liverpool .
six members of a family suffocated overnight in indian-administered kashmir when their gas heater consumed all the oxygen in the room , police said friday .
the italian economy emerged from a short , shallow recession in the third quarter as gross domestic product grew faster than expected , official estimates showed on friday .
the russian prosecutor 's office said friday it was still seeking the return of a chechen envoy it views as a `` terrorist '' even though a british court has turned down moscow 's extradition appeal .
the thai stock market lost #.## percent friday due to profit-taking in property stocks after the central bank moved to rein in loans to the sector which is becoming overheated , analysts said .
european stocks were ending the week in generally positive mood on friday , edging slightly higher in early trade despite a disappointing session in new york overnight .
former us president bill clinton said friday he prefers negotiations to other means for settling a standoff over north korea 's nuclear ambitions , officials said .
ugandan president yoweri museveni pledged friday to kill leaders of the rebel lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- and accused donors of hampering his war effort by imposing limits on defense spending .
energy officials in northern germany on friday disconnected the stade nuclear power plant , taking a first concrete step in phasing out atomic power , the state environment ministry said .
one of georgia 's most powerful political figures , aslan abashidze , met russian foreign minister igor ivanov on friday amid a political crisis at home which has left georgian leader eduard shevardnadze fighting for his political survival .
finnish inflation slowed slightly in october compared to september mostly due to lower prices for petrol and air travel , statistics finland said on friday .
the serbian press sounded the death knell for the ruling dos coalition on friday after early parliamentary elections were called for next month to end a stifling political crisis .
police have arrested a man suspected of killing at least ## people in a serial murder case rarely seen in china , police and state media said friday .
thailand 's central bank said friday it is planning to implement measures aimed at keeping financial institutions from expanding their lending to the property sector amid signs of overheating .
us automaker ford on friday said it had earmarked <unk> , near the eastern spanish city of valencia , and the german city <unk> , on the french border , as the two plants that will build its new ford focus .
a tajik father and son have been sentenced to ## and ## year jail terms in tajikistan for allegedly spying for the neighboring former soviet republic of uzbekistan , court official said friday .
most of the italian carabinieri police and troops injured in the deadly attack on their headquarters in nasiriyah , iraq were scheduled to return to rome friday , the italian chief of staff said .
the southern indian state of andhra pradesh dissolved its legislature friday ahead of early elections in the province wracked by maoist insurgency .
police have arrested a man suspected of killing at least ## people in a serial murder case rarely seen in china , police and state media said friday .
the german insurance giant allianz said friday it chalked up another profit in the third quarter , after already returning to the black in the preceding three months , but its troubled banking subsidiary dresdner bank remained firmly in the red .
indian stocks fell #.## percent friday on hectic selling by investors after more reports bourses may impose fresh ad hoc margins on brokers ' positions , dealers said .
leeds united striker alan smith has been dropped from the england squad following news of his arrest over allegations that he threw a bottle into the crowd during a match .
italian police friday searched iraq 's euphrates river for possible human remains from a deadly suicide bombing while italian military officials visited the devastated site .
malaysian share prices closed little changed friday , with some support for the large caps allowing the benchmark composite index to just hold in positive territory , dealers said .
italian police friday searched iraq 's euphrates river for human remains following a deadly suicide bombing of their base here , while italian military officials visited the devastated site .
indonesian share prices closed down #.## percent friday as investors withdrew funds in the run-up to a week-long ramadan holiday and with sentiment hurt by weaker regional markets , dealers said .
pilot error was to blame for the crash of a small passenger plane in luxembourg a year ago that killed ## people , according to an investigators ' report unveiled friday .
irish army bomb disposal experts carried out a controlled explosion friday on what turned out to be a hoax device attached to the car of a prominent crime journalist , police said .
germany will refuse to abandon plans to move tax cuts forward by a year if told to do so by the european commission to reduce its high public deficit , a finance ministry spokesman said friday .
herbal products giant <unk> international said friday it will start a manufacturing base in india to corner a share of the country 's billion-dollar-a-year market for natural food and cosmetics .
the international community 's top representative in bosnia , paddy ashdown , is to meet russian foreign minister igor ivanov in moscow to discuss reform in the balkan country , ashdown 's office said friday .
the niger government has signed an agreement with china 's state-run fuel company to conduct petroleum surveys in the impoverished west african country , the mines and energy ministry said friday .
italy reported a trade deficit of ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in september after posting a ###-million-euro surplus in the same month last year , the national statistics institute <unk> said friday .
more than ### pakistani deportees arrived from the gulf state of oman friday aboard a ship to this southern port city of karachi , officials said .
train drivers on the fast rail link between gatwick airport and central london are to stage four one-day strikes , including walk-outs on christmas eve and new year 's eve , their union said friday .
german steel giant salzgitter said friday its earnings tumbled ## percent in the first nine months of the current year as a result of high costs and the weak dollar , but it expected to see an improvement in earnings next year .
swedish foreign minister laila freivalds urged the european union on friday to step in and find a solution to finalizing a border treaty between its future member latvia and russia .
oil prices crept upwards on friday as traders digested the implications of mixed set of us energy stocks data and fretted about the prospects of further violence in iraq .
president vladimir putin told russia 's business leaders on friday that there would `` no return to the past '' in a clear reference to investors ' jitters over a crackdown into the yukos oil giant .
five homemade explosive devices were set off overnight in athens in front of greek banks and the offices of the conservative party , causing damage , police said friday .
malaysia 's stock market is expected to continue its consolidation trend next week as investors remain cautious after a volatile week , dealers said friday .
four taxi passengers died in a suspected revenge killing in eastern south africa on friday after two members of a rival taxi association were gunned down on thursday , police said .
guinean police have detained an opposition leader after he objected to a ruling that almost guarantees victory for president lansana conte in next month 's presidential vote , his associates said friday .
a portuguese military police contingent has arrived in southern iraq as planned despite a deadly suicide bombing of a nearby italian base , military officials said friday .
julius berger coach fatai <unk> is hoping key absences will not stand in the way of a resounding victory over etoile du sahel of tunisia in the first leg final of the african cup winners cup saturday .
thailand 's government said friday it has nominated tennis star <unk> tanasugarn to receive a royal decoration from king bhumibol adulyadej .
police in central china 's hubei province have formally arrested well-known internet dissident du <unk> on suspicions of `` instigating subversion of state power , '' his wife said friday .
asian share prices lost ground on friday as investors became cautious about recent sharp rises on markets across the region .
a former roman catholic priest wanted for trial on sex abuse charges in his native new zealand lost his legal fight against extradition from britain on friday .
workers at british nuclear reprocessing firm bnfl were on friday due to stage the company 's first strike in ## years in a dispute over pay scales .
italian police said they arrested a top mafia suspect at rome 's ciampino airport on friday morning as he stepped from a plane following his expulsion from senegal .
a contingent of ## italian carabinieri police left for iraq friday on top of ## sent there in the wake of the bombing of the italian headquarters in nasiriyah wednesday in which ## people were killed .
at least four taliban fighters were killed in a late night gunfight along afghanistan 's troubled southeast border with pakistan , a local military commander said friday .
two members of the prosecutors ' office in chechnya have been freed after nearly ## months in captivity reportedly in the hands of separatist forces , the prosecutor 's office in moscow said friday .
further signs emerged friday that the ##-nation eurozone is at last pulling out of the economic doldrums -- and in some cases recession -- but its recovery is likely to prove delicate and dependent on momentum elsewhere .
real madrid are out to make either liverpool and england striker michael owen or arsenal and france hitman thierry henry <unk> in ## months .
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee and tajikistan 's president emomali rakhmonov agreed friday to coordinate their fight against terrorism after talks in the capital of this former soviet republic .
nepal 's mainstream parties friday jointly called on maoist rebels to halt their insurgency and join forces with them in a peaceful campaign against king gyanendra .
belgian foreign minister louis michel hopes to make up with his us and israeli counterparts when they visit brussels next week after a prolonged chill sparked by a controversial law , his office said friday .
lithuanian president rolandas paksas accepted the resignation on friday of a fifth aide , as a special parliamentary committee of inquiry said it wanted to question the leader over charges his office had mafia links .
authorities at baghdad 's international airport say they are waiting for the green light from us overseer in iraq paul bremer to start receiving up to ### flights per day .
former us president bill clinton said friday he supports the signing of a non-aggression pact with north korea to end a crisis over pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions .
tunisian rights lawyer radia nasraoui , who has been on hunger strike for more than a month to protest at police harassment , was friday hospitalised for the second time this week , said her husband , opposition has accused the authorities of wanting her `` reduced to silence '' and causing her isolation because of her human rights advocacy and denunciation of torture in the north african country .
as the breakaway turkish cypriot statelet in north cyprus celebrates its ##th anniversary saturday , its future is being called into question six months before greek cypriots join the european union .
the breakaway turkish republic of northern cyprus -lrb- trnc -rrb- , recognized only by turkey , celebrates the ##th anniversary of its self-proclaimed statehood on saturday .
the top adviser to palestinian leader yasser arafat said friday that the planned meeting between the palestinian and israeli premiers should result in an end to assassinations of palestinian militants and the lifting of roadblocks in the palestinian territories .
coalition civilian staff in iraq 's southern city of basra will be confined to their headquarters for the next ## hours for security reasons following a deadly attack on an italian base in the area , a coalition spokesman said friday .
pakistan friday rejected the latest afghan allegations that taliban fighters were using its territory to stage guerrilla attacks across the border in afghanistan .
spain 's current account slid into a deficit of ###.# million euros -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- in august from a surplus of ### million a year earlier , the bank of spain said on friday .
turkey 's finance minister kemal unakitan said on friday he hoped to hold a second tender for the privatization of the state-owned tobacco giant tekel this year after a first attempt was shelved .
thousands of georgians launched a mass demonstration friday aimed at ousting georgian president eduard shevardnadze as a week of street unrest culminated in what organizers said could become the country 's biggest ever rally .
china is working to end the unauthorized movement of tibetans to nepal , the usual transit route for tibetans heading to their spiritual leader the dalai lama 's base in india , the chinese ambassador here said friday .
a contingent of ## italian carabinieri police left for iraq friday on top of ## sent there in the wake of the bombing of the italian headquarters in nasiriyah wednesday in which ## people were killed .
iraq 's interim minister of finances held talks on friday with his lebanese counterpart in a bid to recover billions of dollars said deposited in lebanon and elsewhere by the regime of toppled iraqi president saddam hussein .
inter milan 's sierra leone forward mohammed kallon is facing a ban after the news here friday that a second b sample has tested positive for banned steroid nandrolone .
coalition civilian staff in iraq 's southern city of basra will be confined to their headquarters for the next ## hours for security reasons following a deadly attack on an italian base in the area , a coalition spokesman said friday .
a kenyan judge on friday ruled that tf the israeli-owned mombasa paradise hotel last november .
the hardline palestinian movement hamas ruled out a an immediate suspension of anti-israeli attacks but agreed to discuss the issue with new prime minister ahmed qorei , the group 's spiritual leader said friday .
food laced with rat poison killed one and sent ## to the hospital during a wedding party in east china 's jiangsu province , state media said friday .
registrations of new cars declined in october by #.# percent in the ## countries of western europe -- the european union plus norway , switzerland and iceland -- compared to the same month last year , the european auto manufacturers ' association said here .
a georgian opposition leader called friday on some ##,### demonstrators gathered in the country 's capital tbilisi to march on president eduard shevardnadze 's office to demand his resignation .
pakistan friday rejected the latest afghan allegations that taliban fighters were using its territory to stage guerrilla attacks across the border in afghanistan .
the spokesman for somali delegates still party to kenya-based peace talks on friday rejected a deal reached in libya this week by groups that have quit the nairobi negotiations .
a portuguese journalist was abducted by gunmen in southern iraq early on friday , after an ambush on a convoy of reporters that left another journalist injured , portuguese media reported .
the top us negotiator at world climate change talks ruled out on friday any chance of washington backing the next agreement on cutting carbon pollution if the deal resembled the kyoto protocol already rejected by president george w. bush .
pakistan 's team coach , captain and chief selector , who are in dispute over the make up of the squad to face new zealand , have been told to resolve their differences in private - or face the sack .
five people have died in a fire at an oil field in western siberia , itar-tass news agency quoted the local emergency situations department as saying on friday .
the hardline palestinian movement hamas ruled out a an immediate suspension of anti-israeli attacks but agreed to discuss the issue with new prime minister ahmed qorei , the group 's spiritual leader said friday .
germany wants to work constructively with the united states to ensure a rapid transfer of sovereignty to the people of iraq , a spokesman said friday , ahead of a us visit by foreign minister joschka fischer .
a georgian opposition leader called friday on some ##,### demonstrators gathered in the country 's capital tbilisi to march on president eduard shevardnadze 's office to demand his resignation .
the german parliament voted friday to prolong by one year the mandate of its troops serving in operation `` enduring freedom '' , the us-led military operation launched in afghanistan following the september ## attacks .
some ### countries participating in the first ever global summit on the information society next month have so far been unable to agree on the content of the conference during a week of last-minute talks in geneva , the organisers said friday .
war-ravaged iraq 's national soccer team arrived here friday night for a ##-day western australian visit aimed at sharpening the side and building goodwill .
large increases in food and auto prices drove the us producer price index -lrb- ppi -rrb- up #.# percent in october , its largest monthly gain since march , the labor department said friday .
most of the ## hippos and a large crocodile which had been stuck for days in a muddy and <unk> water channel in north-eastern namibia have been rescued , local media reported friday .
poor auto sales held us retail sales down last month , marking the second straight monthly decline , the commerce department said friday .
a romanian soldier wounded in southern afghanistan died on friday , three days after an attack on a convoy that claimed the life of another romanian soldier , a defense ministry spokesman said .
three serious shipping accidents within three days in the turkish straits linking the aegean and the black seas again friday highlighted the danger of a massive spill to the city of istanbul .
nairobi , nov ## -lrb- ## -rrb- - hosts sudan will play last year 's losing <unk> , tanzania , in the opening match of the east and central africa senior challenge cup in khartoum on november ## , according to a draw held in nairobi on friday .
a maiden test century by mark vermeulen helped zimbabwe claw their way to ###-# in their first innings to leave them trailing the west indies by ### runs at tea on the third day of the second test here friday .
the swiss pharmaceutical group roche on friday dismissed a one-billion-dollar -lrb- ###-million-euro -rrb- lawsuit by a us rival as a groundless legal tactic in a decade-long patent dispute between the pair .
spain 's joseba beloki is already basking in his new role as leader of the la boulangere cycling team - which he hopes will provide him with the ammunition to challenge lance armstrong on the tour de france .
total chairman thierry desmarest inaugurated friday the french oil major 's first wind generation site in this northern town , kicking off a project designed to compare three kinds of technology .
slovenia met most criteria for eu accession but still had to reduce inflation and improve the <unk> of its economy , european commissioner for economic and monetary affairs pedro solbes said on friday .
the hardline palestinian movement hamas ruled out an immediate suspension of anti-israeli attacks but agreed to discuss the issue with new prime minister ahmed qorei , the group 's spiritual leader said friday .
england cricket captain michael vaughan brushed aside security fears friday as his team began a tour of sri lanka , despite the country 's recent political upheavals .
a portuguese journalist was abducted by gunmen in southern iraq early on friday and another was wounded , in the second ambush this week on portuguese reporters in the violent country , the media in lisbon reported .
norwegian international defender andre <unk> has been ruled out for at least a month with a knee injury , his bundesliga side borussia dortmund said friday .
wall street was back in positive territory early friday , with the dow industrials up ##.## points -lrb- #.## percent -rrb- to #,###.## and the nasdaq adding #.## points -lrb- #.## percent -rrb- to #,###.## in the first half hour of trade .
a government lawyer friday demanded bail be refused for jailed opposition leader javed hashmi during a court hearing of a petition challenging his detention on charges that he tried to incite a revolt in the army , officials said .
us industrial production rose #.# percent in october down from a sharp #.# percent hike a month earlier , the federal reserve reported friday .
consumer sentiment strengthened in early november , according to a university of michigan survey that showed the consumer sentiment index rose to ##.# in november from ##.# in late october .
the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- said friday ## people have died in northwestern congo and two more are ill with what could be the deadly ebola fever .
india on friday handed over to pakistani authorities seven pakistan children , including a teenager who ran away from home and was arrested a year ago after he crossed the border , officials said .
germany and france are focused on adopting a european union constitution before enlargement next year , a foreign ministry spokesman said thursday when asked about rumors of a `` franco-german union '' .
european commission president romano prodi on friday urged burkina faso president blaise compaore to help unblock the peace process in neighbouring ivory coast , still divided more than a year after the outbreak of civil war .
defense minister antonio martino said friday that troop morale remains high despite the devastating blast in nasiriyah , iraq this week in which ## italians were killed .
new delhi 's victory in the bid to host the #### commonwealth games was met with raised eyebrows here friday - with some key figures admitting they suspected foul play on the part of their indian counterparts .
members of greece 's low-profile gay community are expected to kiss in public in front of greece 's media watchdog friday evening to protest a ###,###-euro fine imposed on a local television station for showing a male couple kissing .
three days of torrential rain and floods have left more than ### people homeless in southern sierra leone , witnesses said friday .
two us soldiers were killed and three wounded in a bomb attack on their convoy north of the iraqi capital thursday , the us military said friday .
pakistan threatened friday to cancel their upcoming tour of new zealand if the new zealand team pulled out of this month 's tour of pakistan .
the us military announced that two more soldiers had been killed in iraq as troops stepped up their offensive in iraq on friday and washington accelerated the handover of power amid this month 's unprecedented surge in violence .
officials from turkey , the united states and the un refugee agency will hold talks here next week on plans for the gradual repatriation of thousands of turkish kurd refugees living in iraq , un and government sources said friday .
the european commission dismissed as `` nonsense '' friday a report of possible favouritism in the awarding of eu contracts to an italian firm which employs the niece of eu executive romano prodi .
west indies were ##-# in their second innings in reply to zimbabwe 's first innings total of ### all out at close of play on the third day of the second test here on friday .
rock-bottom us interest rates can not be maintained indefinitely , a federal reserve official said friday , while hinting that a rate boost is not imminent as long as the labor market remains weak .
a russian court friday sentenced seven combatants accused of `` terrorism '' in war-torn chechnya to jail terms of up to ## years , the itar-tass agency said .
russian president vladimir putin and his georgian counterpart eduard shevardnadze discussed by telephone the political crisis gripping georgia on friday , interfax quoted a kremlin spokesman as saying .
president marc ravalomanana 's party was in the lead in municipal elections held in rural madagascar with nearly half the votes counted , the interior ministry said friday .
a jury on friday began deliberating the fate of john muhammad , who is accused in ## sniper-style shootings that terrified the washington region a year ago .
russian president vladimir putin and his georgian counterpart eduard shevardnadze discussed by telephone the political crisis gripping georgia on friday , interfax news agency quoted a kremlin spokesman as saying .
for millionaire businessman and former canadian finance minister paul martin , becoming prime minister has been a life-long goal .
german police said friday they had broken up an international auto-theft ring that stole expensive cars , mostly from italy , and resold them on the black market in germany .
pilot error was to blame for the crash of a small passenger plane in luxembourg a year ago that killed ## people , according to an investigators ' report unveiled on friday .
south africa inaugurated friday its new embassy in berlin in the presence of foreign minister nkosazana dlamini-zuma and his german counterpart joschka fischer .
a top georgian opposition leader urged georgians on friday to stop paying taxes and for state-sector workers to go on strike to force president eduard shevardnadze from power .
bulawayo , zimbabwe , nov ## lara tried seven bowlers in a bid to winkle zimbabwe out , but with little success , corey collymore excepted .
us stocks sputtered in early trading friday after a flood of economic reports provided mixed signals on the pace of us economic growth .
european stock markets ended the week higher , with the ftse ### index gaining #.## percent to #,### points .
italians troops wounded in the truck bombing of their base in the southern iraqi city of nasiriyah arrived back at rome 's ciampino airport friday aboard a hercules transport plane .
the newest british royal was united with her mother on friday , six days after she was born a month early .
former australian test star rodney marsh presided over the opening of the new england cricket academy on friday and predicted that the english could become the world 's leading cricket nation within five years .
a top georgian opposition leader on friday urged his countrymen to stop paying taxes and said state-sector workers should go on strike to force president eduard shevardnadze from power .
the cia is sounding a new alarm that north korea may be ready to flight test a nuclear capable multi-stage missile capable of reaching parts of the united states .
a portuguese journalist was abducted friday by gunmen in southern iraq and another was wounded in the second ambush this week on portuguese reporters in the war-torn country , local media reported .
david kirk , the man who led the all blacks to the inaugural world cup title in #### , believes england are still the favorites for this year 's tournament despite the faltering recent form of clive woodward 's team .
italian police said they arrested a top mafia suspect at rome 's ciampino airport on friday morning as he stepped from a plane following his expulsion from senegal .
british investors will spend next week eagerly perusing a crop of retail sector results for signs of improved activity , while also mindful that excessive personal spending could trigger another interest rate rise , analysts said friday .
the marathon debate in the republican-led us senate , aimed at pressuring democrats to stop blocking four of president george w. bush 's nominees for federal judgeships , finally drew to a close here early friday , after almost ## hours .
an islamic appeal court has overturned a ##-year-old nigerian 's adultery conviction and saved him from being stoned to death , a state spokesman said friday .
at least ## people were killed and ## others wounded on friday in renewed fighting between two clans in central somalia , clan sources said .
the dollar confounded analysts friday by shrugging off weaker-than-expected us data on retail sales and industrial production , though the euro still posted one-day gains against the us currency in thin trading .
mariano rajoy , the leader of spain 's ruling party who is seeking to succeed prime minister jose maria aznar in elections next year , on friday ruled out a withdrawal of spanish troops from iraq in the short term .
at least ## people were killed and a roman catholic mission looted in northern uganda early friday in an attack which military and other officials have blamed on lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- rebels .
england 's international squad and their football association employers fell out again on friday over the handling of the alan smith affair .
mariano rajoy , the leader of spain 's ruling party who is seeking to succeed prime minister jose maria aznar in elections next year , on friday ruled out a withdrawal of spanish troops from iraq in the short term .
at least ## people , including two civilians , were killed in burundi this week in clashes between hutu rebels and the army , military and government sources said friday .
belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt on friday underlined his country 's commitment to a european union defense structure , saying it would strengthen europe 's alliance with the united states .
the spanish section of the human rights group amnesty international on friday expressed concern at plans by the spanish government to treat moroccan migrants as young as ## as adults and liable for expulsion .
russia , china and south korea late friday unveiled a giant ##-billion-dollar project to supply siberian gas to energy-hungry chinese and south korean markets from one of the world 's largest undeveloped gas fields .
un secretary general kofi annan on friday urged the un 's nuclear watchdog and iran to keep working together amid a row over tehran 's nuclear program .
twelve african countries meeting in cairo said friday that they want to restart wto multilateral trade talks following the failure of september 's conference in cancun .
minardi launched an ambitious plan on friday aimed at becoming the first formula one team to introduce an arab driver into the world championship .
russia , china and south korea late friday unveiled a giant ##-billion-dollar project to supply siberian gas to energy-hungry chinese and south korean markets from one of the world 's largest undeveloped gas fields .
general motors corp. said friday it would book a #.# billion-dollar charge in the fourth quarter for pension-related costs .
us president george w. bush vowed friday that us-led troops in iraq will hunt down saddam hussein and will not leave before transforming that war-ravaged nation into a democracy .
hungarian researchers on friday said they have developed a natural food additive that boosts animal growth and can replace antibiotics , which the european union plans to ban in farming from #### .
two more us soldiers were killed in iraq , the military announced friday , as troops stepped up their offensive against alleged insurgents and washington moved to accelerate the handover of power amid a surge in violence .
police have arrested a man after demolishing a bomb making workshop linked to a loyalist protestant group opposed to northern ireland 's peace process , police said friday .
latvian president vaira vike-freiberga on friday defended her country 's participation in a stabilisation force in iraq , saying it was necessary for latvia 's own security .
at least ## children have died of measles in an epidemic that has swept the central african republic since the middle of october , radio <unk> said friday .
ronaldo has spoken out in defense of the two football agents who discovered him and who are now embroiled in a huge financial scandal .
australia were on friday forced into a late change ahead of the second test against great britain here on saturday when matt sing was called in to replace injured winger shannon hegarty .
the state department on friday gave its firm backing to the us ambassador to greece who is embroiled in a spat with athens over comments he made criticizing anti-semitic remarks by a highly regarded greek composer .
gunmen opened fire on a convoy of portuguese journalists in southern iraq friday , shooting one reporter in the leg and holding another for ransom , portuguese media reported .
the council of europe appealed friday to the georgian government and opposition to avoid bloodshed as thousands of protestors continue to demand that president eduard shevardnadze resign following a disputed parliamentary election .
the us-led coalition launched an investigation friday into the abduction of a portuguese journalist in war-torn southern iraq in an ambush that left another reporter wounded .
bulgaria reacted angrily on friday after three of their top weightlifters were banned from the world championships in vancouver over allegations of manipulated drugs tests .
european commission chief romano prodi on friday urged burkina faso president blaise compaore to help unblock the peace process in neighboring ivory coast , still divided ## months after the outbreak of civil war .
us software giant microsoft on friday described three days of closed-door eu anti-trust hearings as a `` positive step towards a meaningful solution '' to charges of its unfair market domination .
saudi arabia 's oil minister ali al-nuaimi will sign on saturday a two-billion dollar deal with a consortium led by majors royal dutch\/shell and totalfinaelf for gas exploration and production in the south of the kingdom , the official news agency spa said .
the pro-moscow president of war-torn chechnya , akhmad kadyrov , friday said he had received the `` absolute support '' of russian president vladimir putin during their first meeting since his election in early october .
a high-level meeting of heads of un missions to west africa convened behind closed doors in freetown friday to review the overall situation in the sub-region , the un mission to sierra leone -lrb- unamsil -rrb- said .
under the glaring light of television cameras and the watchful eye of police , some twenty gays and transvestites exchanged rather shy mouth-to-mouth kisses in downtown athens late friday to protest a ###,###-euro fine imposed on a local television station for showing a male couple kissing .
wimbledon champion roger federer beat french open champion juan carlos ferrero #-# , #-# here friday at the atp masters cup , giving him hope for a #.# million-dollar prize and world number two ranking .
world cup-winning coach luiz felipe scolari on friday backed portuguese star luis figo 's decision to retire from international football after next year 's euro #### tournament .
the boston red sox have re-signed righthander mike timlin , arguably the best relief pitcher on the team last season .
un secretary general kofi annan on friday asked the security council for another six-month extension for peacekeeping forces in cyprus , where un troops have been based for four decades .
fortunately , jamal crawford 's injury did not turn out to be as horrific as the fall .
dallas stars coach dave tippett will undergo emergency surgery friday afternoon to have a disc removed from his neck .
us president george w. bush 's administration opposes lawmakers ' efforts to restrict aid to nigeria if it does n't turn over former liberian president charles taylor to a un-backed war crimes tribunal , the state department said friday .
us overseer in iraq paul bremer praised musicians from the country 's symphony orchestra for helping the war-torn country return to normal after arriving back here friday from crisis talks in washington .
the united states on friday renewed calls for the georgian government and opposition to avoid bloodshed , as protestors there continue to demand that president eduard shevardnadze resign following a disputed parliamentary election .
world cup winner franz beckenbauer was elected president of bayern munich for a fourth time here on friday .
a poor spanish showing at the atp masters cup should not be seen as a bad omen for spain 's davis cup final at australia in two weeks , french open champion juan carlos ferrero warned .
un secretary general kofi annan on friday praised a reported us decision to accelerate the transfer to self-rule for the iraqi people .
a federal judge friday ruled that frenchman zacarias moussaoui , the only person charged in the united states in connection with the september ## terrorist attacks , may no longer act as his own lawyer .
over four tonnes of drugs have been seized and some #,### people arrested in a vast joint operation carried out by six former soviet republics , the chief of a regional security organization told interfax late friday .
a us special forces soldier was fatally injured friday when the vehicle in which he was riding triggered an explosive device near the eastern afghan town of asadabad near the pakistan border , the us central command said here .
a us soldier was killed and two were wounded friday in a bombing attack against their convoy in central baghdad , the us military said .
golf prodigy michelle wie has been granted a sponsor 's exemption to play in the #### sony open , where the ##-year-old will become just the third female to play a pga tour event .
a third man has pleaded guilty in a widening inquiry into a scam worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to sell us visas at the us embassy in sri lanka , which rocked colombo 's diplomatic community .
a late-day sell off hit wall street shares friday as investors were unable to muster any buying enthusiasm after a mixed bag of economic reports and some warnings about weak sales from the tech sector .
the media watchdog reporters sans frontieres -lrb- rsf -rrb- said friday it has joined a lawsuit against three us soldiers accused of a spanish cameraman 's death during the iraq war .
cuban independant journalist bernardo arevalo <unk> was freed from a prison in eastern cuba after having served six years on conviction of committing an `` outrage '' against the communist government of president fidel castro , his friends said friday .
the dollar struggled friday on currency markets after lackluster us economic data , as the euro continued its rally .
the us-led coalition launched an investigation friday into the abduction of a portuguese journalist in war-torn southern iraq in an ambush that left another reporter wounded .
media baron rupert murdoch , the owner of britain 's best selling tabloid the sun , served warning friday that his allegiance to britain 's ruling labor party could switch to the opposition conservative party .
the national hockey league on friday suspended atlanta thrashers right wing francis lessard one game without pay for a spearing incident that occurred in thursday 's #-# loss to the carolina hurricanes .
media baron rupert murdoch , the owner of britain 's best selling tabloid the sun , served warning friday that his allegiance to the country 's labor government could switch to the opposition conservatives .
south africans trevor immelman and rory sabbatini shot a ## on friday to take a two-stroke lead over the united states and france at the world golf <unk> cup .
moroccan customs police have seized #.# tonnes of cannabis resin in the northern port of tangiers , the local map press agency reported .
two armed men walked into a military prison here early friday and freed one of brazil 's most notorious drug <unk> head of the bangu # military prison who at the time was investigating irregularities in the prison .
a house-senate reconciliation committee on friday hammered out a long-awaited compromise on a new national energy policy first proposed by president george w. bush two years ago .
in a trade announced at the general manager meetings , the san francisco giants acquired all-star catcher a.j. pierzynski and a player to be named from the twins for reliever joe nathan and minor league pitchers <unk> <unk> and francisco liriano .
taking on england at rugby is like taking on germany at football - a tough assignment - france midfield star zinedine zidane said here friday .
two leading us credit rating agencies friday re-affirmed the credit rating of the ford motor company , two days after standard and poor 's downgraded it to one notch above junk bond status .
pressure mounted on us president george w. bush friday to drop tariffs on imported steel imposed in march of #### , with a senior republican lawmaker telling bush the tariffs had outlived their effectiveness .
after a strong eight-month run for stocks , wall street has become defensive as investors move to consolidate their gains in the belief that the bull market is running out of steam .
dorothy delasin and south korea 's hee-won han both carded ##s on friday to share the halfway lead in the mobile lpga tournament of champions .
australian defense minister robert hill said friday that his nation was determined to continue helping to rebuild iraq despite the deadly attacks on the us-led coalition and other targets .
james beattie hopes to put a rollercoaster week behind him by firing england to victory in their friendly international against fellow euro #### qualifiers denmark at old trafford here on sunday .
the burundian government and the main rebel group are set to sign a peace deal here over the weekend , marking the formal end of the ##-year war which has killed over ###,### people since the assassination of president melchior ndadaye , the country 's first hutu president , by the minority tutsi-dominated army .
paul martin was elected liberal party leader with ##.# percent of the vote by party delegates late friday , and will become the next prime minister of canada when prime minister jean chretien retires .
paul martin was elected liberal party leader with ##.# percent of the vote by party delegates late friday , and will become the next prime minister of canada when prime minister jean chretien retires .
the united states renewed its travel warning for sudan on friday , alerting us citizens for the first time to terrorist plots against western interests there less than a week after temporarily closing its embassy in khartoum due to a threat .
turkish cypriots mark the ##th anniversary of their <unk> statelet with pomp and ceremony on saturday , one month ahead of key elections that could play a key role in deciding the future of the divided island .
four more americans were killed in iraq as the us military stepped up the fight against armed resistance to its occupation , foiling a planned rocket attack on a us base , while washington moved to speed the handover of political power to iraqis .
paul martin , who will become the next prime minister of canada after being elected liberal party leader late friday , vowed to forge closer ties with the united states and continue economic discipline he started nearly a decade ago .
the surinam aluminum company -lrb- <unk> -rrb- said friday it had started an ambitious expansion project aimed at boosting its aluminum production by some ###,### metric tons to #.# million tons annually .
the united states on friday said the un general assembly was becoming less `` unproductive and harmful '' after washington got arab nations to drop some middle east resolutions criticising israel .
the international tennis federation -lrb- itf -rrb- intends to test doping samples from the us open and davis cup semi-finals for tetrahydrogestrinone -lrb- thg -rrb- , itf president <unk> ricci bitti said friday .
a chinese teenager who killed a four-year-old girl when his speeding car crashed has been kicked out of new zealand after a six months in jail , a report said saturday .
single <unk> followers in wellington have become the first victims of saturday night 's world cup semi-final between new zealand and australia .
at least ## people were killed and eight others were still missing after severe floods hit central vietnam , cutting off several villages and burying alive sleeping people , officials told afp on saturday .
new zealanders are brimming with confidence ahead of the all blacks rugby world cup semi-final against australia on saturday , dismissing any thought the team will choke as they did four years ago against france in the last world cup .
at least ## people were killed and eight others were still missing after severe floods hit central vietnam , cutting off several villages and burying sleeping people alive , officials told afp on saturday .
at least ## people were killed and eight others are still missing after severe floods hit central vietnam , cutting off several villages and burying sleeping people alive , local officials told afp on saturday .
joint chiefs of staff -lrb- jcs -rrb- chairmen from south korea and the united states met here on saturday ahead of crucial talks between their defense ministers next week , officials said .
top-ranked american twins bob and mike bryan advanced to the doubles finals of the atp masters cup here friday , beating argentina 's gaston etlis and martin rodriguez #-# , #-# .
paraguayan prosecutors on friday indicted former president luis gonzalez macchi and his wife susana galli on charges of illegal enrichment that allegedly occurred during his term of office between #### and #### .
top-ranked american twins bob and mike bryan advanced to the doubles finals of the atp masters cup here friday , beating argentina 's gaston etlis and martin rodriguez #-# , #-# .
police in vietnam 's southern business hub ho chi minh city said saturday they were investigating on the death of an american man in a downtown hotel .
bangladesh 's main opposition party , which has boycotted parliament for nearly a year , will again stay away when a new session opens sunday , a spokesman said .
organisers of a controversial music festival here denied saturday allegations that huge fees paid to artists performing in the event had caused costs to spiral .
two men were executed for the murder of a taiwanese couple and their four year-old daughter , the china news service reported saturday .
world silver medallists the united states took third place in the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on saturday , earning themselves the last ticket available here for the athens olympics .
england coach clive woodward has dismissed suggestions his side would resort to foul play in an attempt to unsettle france in sunday 's world cup semi-final showdown .
the us embassy in riyadh was fully operational at all levels on saturday after closing for a week on a credible threat of attack which saw a suicide bombing kill ## people , a spokesperson said .
suspected muslim rebels shot dead a man , his daughter and an alleged security force informant in indian kashmir , police said saturday .
australian defense minister robert hill admitted saturday that the us-led coalition in iraq had underestimated the level of resistance it would face .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk said saturday he was becoming increasingly worried about negotiations to form a new coalition government because of persistent <unk> from the opposition parties .
world silver medallists the united states took third place in the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on saturday , earning themselves the last ticket available here for the athens olympics .
china on saturday completed its fourth successful space launch in four weeks by placing a geostationary satellite in orbit as official media reported a second manned space flight would take place in #### .
russia 's menatep group , which holds a ## percent stake in the troubled oil giant yukos , has named the british jurist stephen curtis as managing director , further increasing the number of non-russian nationals at its head , media reported saturday .
the un conference on protection of the ozone layer ended here without an agreement after north america and europe asked for more time to continue using a pesticide it previously agreed to ban , a un environment programme -lrb- unep -rrb- statement said .
india and pakistan will increase the number of staff at their missions in each other 's capitals from ## to ## , still half the original strength before a military standoff that began in #### , an official said saturday .
jordanian interior minister samir habashneh has banned the import of firecrackers into the kingdom starting saturday in a bid to stop their increasing use by children , newspapers reported .
the rebel turkish congress for democracy and freedom in kurdistan -lrb- kadek -rrb- -- the former pkk -- said saturday it was no longer fighting for self-rule in turkey and urged ankara to open dialogue .
military officials on saturday warned muslim separatist rebels not to protect its members suspected in the bloody killing of a woman and six children in the southern philippines .
at least ## people were killed saturday in two powerful explosions in the turkish city of istanbul , one of which partially destroyed a synagogue , the cnn turk channel reported , quoting firefighters .
the rebel turkish congress for democracy and freedom in kurdistan -lrb- kadek -rrb- -- the former pkk -- said saturday it was no longer fighting for self-rule in turkey and urged ankara to open dialogue .
a senior armenian military official has headed for turkey for the first ever visit at such a high level between the two countries which have no diplomatic links , an armenian spokesman said saturday .
australian defense minister robert hill admitted saturday that the us-led coalition in iraq had underestimated the level of resistance it would face .
the us embassy and consulates in saudi arabia reopened saturday after closing for a week on a credible terror threat , which saw a suicide bomb kill ## people , saying the situation was now safer .
at least ## people were reported killed and scores injured on saturday in two powerful explosions in the turkish city of istanbul , one of which partially destroyed a synagogue .
at least ## people were killed saturday in explosions in the turkish city of istanbul , the cnn turk news channel quoted interior minister abdulkadir aksu as saying .
the headquarters of the us-led coalition in the southern city of basra remained closed saturday for the second consecutive day due to the deadly suicide bombing against italian troops in the area .
nine people , including a village man and his daughter , were killed in separatist violence in indian kashmir , police said saturday .
indian stocks rose #.## percent in a special two-hour trading session saturday , bouncing back from recent losses after an upbeat government economic review and a return of foreign fund inflows , brokers said .
seven taiwanese falungong practitioners saturday said they would file a genocide lawsuit against former chinese president jiang zemin over what they called <unk> by the communist regime .
israel offered turkey its help saturday following a pair of apparent car bombings in istanbul , one near a synagogue , which reportedly killed at least ## people , a foreign ministry spokesman said .
cinemas in northeastern india were deserted saturday except for troops as a ban on hindi-language films declared by rebel separatists came into effect .
british security services have been placed on their second highest state of alert over an intelligence report about a possible attack by al-qaeda , the bbc said saturday .
accomplished left-hander michael di <unk> hit an unconquered ### to power tasmania to a thrilling six-wicket victory over title-holders new south wales in a sheffield shield clash in hobart saturday .
the us congress has hammered out a compromise version of a far-reaching energy bill , clearing the way for passage within weeks of a new national energy policy first proposed by president george w. bush two years ago .
australian police said saturday that six alleged drug dealers involved in trafficking heroin from bangkok to sydney had been arrested in a joint operation with thai police .
tribal separatists in the northeastern state of assam saturday threatened attacks on hindi-speaking people to protest assaults on <unk> train passengers in north india .
the world 's number one woman golfer , annika sorenstam of sweden , tamed her male competitors to grab the lead saturday in a skins tournament here .
charles kartman , head of a us-led international consortium in charge of a withering project to build a nuclear power plant in north korea , visited the communist state saturday , state media said .
indian stocks rose #.## percent in a special two-hour trading session saturday , bouncing back from recent losses after an upbeat government economic review and a return of foreign fund inflows , brokers said .
a guinean opposition leader , detained by police after he objected to a ruling that almost guarantees victory for the incumbent president in next month 's presidential vote , has been released .
israel offered turkey its help saturday following a pair of apparent car bombings in istanbul , one near a synagogue , which reportedly killed at least ## people , a foreign ministry spokesman said .
about ## people were injured when a passenger train derailed saturday in rural australia , ambulance officers said .
world silver medallists the united states took third place in the world cup women 's volleyball tournament on saturday , earning themselves the last ticket available here for the athens olympics .
ten people were killed in separatist violence in indian kashmir , while attacks near the province 's holiest mosque and a christian school left nine injured , police said saturday .
ten people were killed in separatist violence in indian kashmir , while attacks near the province 's holiest mosque and a christian school left nine injured , police said saturday .
the new `` parliament '' in oman , elected in october , is to open on monday , said speaker sheikh abdullah bin ali <unk> .
a ##-year-old briton , arrested in the us for making false statements on an immigration form at boston 's international airport , has been ordered detained pending a federal court hearing next week .
the former head of a task force in charge of blocking coup attempts against president gloria arroyo was sworn in as head of the philippine army on saturday .
thousands of people set fire to a court and prosecutor 's office in eastern indonesia 's east nusa tenggara province saturday after a catholic priest was jailed for two months for libel , police said .
at least ## people were killed and scores injured , many of them praying on the jewish sabbath , as <unk> vehicles blew up outside synagogues in a historic part of istanbul that has been home to jews for ### years .
greece condemned saturday the bomb attacks on synagogues in neighbouring turkey that left at least ## people dead .
palestinian officials are in washington for talks with senior us officials to see if they can boost the chances of the so-called geneva initiative peace plan , officials said saturday .
zhang lian-wei opened up a two-shot lead in the ###,### dollar china open after a third round three-under-par ## saturday to set him up for the most important round of his career .
massachusetts senator john kerry has announced that he will not accept us government campaign funds in his bid for the democratic presidential nomination , becoming the second democratic candidate to do so .
indian markets are expected to be rangebound in the coming week as dealers watch the trend of foreign investors and wait for fresh triggers after the market slipped from the symbolic #,### mark , brokers said saturday .
the death toll in two car bomb explosions near synagogues in istanbul on saturday has risen to ## , turkish interior minister abdulkadir aksu said .
a us special forces soldier was killed and another was injured after their vehicle was hit by an improvised bomb in northeast afghanistan where us troops are conducting a major offensive against militants , a us military spokesman said saturday .
greek national coach otto rehhagel has suggested international defender takis <unk> will join a portuguese club when his cr a lack of reinforcements which he argues are necessary for benfica to have a chance at the league title .
four people were killed and five others seriously injured saturday in an explosion at an illegal firecrackers factory in southern china , the official xinhua news agency reported .
the rebel turkish congress for democracy and freedom in kurdistan -lrb- kadek -rrb- -- the former pkk -- condemned as `` terrorist '' acts the car bombings outside synagogues in istanbul saturday that killed at least ## people .
ryan giggs on saturday pledged his future to manchester united , the wales winger insisting he wants to see out his playing career at old trafford .
a strong earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale struck southwestern china saturday leaving five people dead and ## injured , state media said .
fire badly damaged a jewish school on the outskirts of the french capital early on saturday , the paris fire services said .
australian prop ben darwin was stretchered off with a bad neck injury during the ##-## semi-final victory over new zealand here saturday but later reports said he had feeling in all his limbs .
predominantly muslim turkey 's ##,###-strong jewish community , targetted saturday by deadly car bomb attacks in istanbul , traces its roots back to the jews ' expulsion from spain five centuries ago .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said saturday he believed international terrorist organizations were involved in the two deadly car bomb attacks in istanbul , which killed at least ## people and injured some ### others .
pakistan saturday strongly denounced two bomb attacks that left at least ## people dead in istanbul and expressed deep sympathy with the people and government of turkey .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said saturday he believed international terrorist organizations were involved in the two deadly car bomb attacks in istanbul , which killed at least ## people and injured some ### others .
pakistani president pervez musharraf saturday ordered immediate action to curb attempts by banned militant groups to relaunch their activities under new <unk> , officials said .
the pentagon plans to launch a ##-hour satellite channel from baghdad hoping local us television stations will use its footage to present `` a more comprehensive picture '' of events in iraq .
armed men saturday fired shots at workers on a coffee farm belonging to an opposition legislator in eastern zimbabwe , the lawmaker claimed .
england 's practice game against a sri lankan cricket president 's xi could not be completed because of rain here on saturday .
malgorzata glinka of european champions poland won the most valuable player award in the world cup volleyball women 's tournament which ended here saturday .
a brigadier general , his wife and two guards were killed saturday by a landmine planted by suspected maoist rebels in the first death of a senior army officer in nepal 's seven-year insurgency , police said .
powerful blasts rocked two jewish quarters of old istanbul saturday ripping through the city 's biggest synagogue killing at ## least people and injuring scores of others as worshippers were at their sabbath prayers .
a brigadier general , his wife and two guards were killed saturday by a landmine planted by suspected maoist rebels in the first death of a senior army officer in nepal 's seven-year insurgency , police said .
the death toll in two car bomb explosions near two synagogues in istanbul saturday has risen to ## , turkish health minister recep akdag said .
the british environment ministry on saturday authorised two more ships in a fleet of former us navy vessels embroiled in an environmental row to dock in the northeastern port of hartlepool , despite a freeze on them being dismantled in britain .
more than ## people were injured when a passenger train derailed saturday in rural australia after a car was left on the tracks , police said .
pope john paul ii on saturday appealed for peace and condemned terrorism in a message of condolences sent to the turkish people after twin attacks on synagogues left at least ## dead .
a stunned new zealand gasped in horror early sunday as the nation contemplated a future without its most crucial life support - world rugby supremacy - when the choker tag grabbed the all blacks by the throat and they were bundled out of the rugby world cup .
european commission president romano prodi visited a milan synagogue on saturday to voice his sorrow at the twin attacks in istanbul which left at least ## dead during sabbath prayers , the ansa agency reported .
asian champions china fended off a challenge from japan to complete a clean sweep for their first major victory in ## years by regaining the world cup women 's volleyball title on saturday .
pope john paul ii on saturday appealed for peace and condemned terrorism in a message of condolences sent to the turkish people after twin attacks on synagogues left at least ## dead .
the international community fiercely condemned saturday 's devastating bomb attacks near two synagogues in turkey and pledged to crack down on anti-semitism and `` terrorism '' .
pope john paul ii on saturday launched an appeal `` for peace and against terrorism '' in a message of condolences to the turkish people after twin attacks near synagogues in istanbul left at least ## dead .
european commission president romano prodi visited a milan synagogue on saturday to offer the condolences `` of the entire european union '' for the twin bomb near synagogues in istanbul which left at least ## dead , ansa agency reported .
senior iraqi kurdish leader jalal talabani is to meet iranian president mohammad khatami monday during his first visit to the islamic republic since the fall of saddam hussein 's regime , officials said .
japan 's kiyoshi murota hit a sizzling ##-under-par ## to snatch the lead from british open champion ben curtis in the taiheiyo masters golf tournament on saturday .
sachin tendulkar and virender sehwag hit robust centuries to help india post an imposing ###-# in a crucial triangular one-day cricket series match here on saturday .
a guinean opposition leader faces five years in jail for objecting to a ruling that almost guarantees victory for president lansana conte in next month 's presidential vote , the west african country 's security minister has said .
another us soldier was killed saturday in further evidence of the violence consuming iraq as us overseer paul bremer prepared to meet the country 's governing council to discuss accelerating the power handover to iraqis .
american forces have arrested a total of ### suspects since wednesday in the region of mosul , north of baghdad , and the province of anbar , west of the capital , the us military announced saturday .
ten people , including six women and a child , were killed saturday when their van collided into a truck after they visited a temple in the southern indian state of tamil nadu , police said .
the egyptian public prosecutor maher abdel wahed decided saturday to submit the case of an egyptian accused of spying for israel to a special tribunal , legal sources said .
the car bomb attacks near two synagogues in istanbul saturday killed at least ## people and wounded ### others , the city 's health department said .
the england team have called on the football association to show consistency in its squad selection in the wake of alan smith 's botched call-up for the denmark friendly .
austrian airlines -lrb- aua -rrb- has begun legal proceedings against aero lloyd austria , the new airline of former racing driver niki lauda , the austrian press reported on saturday .
eleven people died on saturday in the <unk> of a gangway on the queen mary ii , the largest passenger ship ever built , fire services said .
burundi 's president and the head of the central african country 's main rebel group were saturday in tanzania to sign a peace deal aimed at ending a decade of civil war that has killed more than ###,### people .
powerful blasts rocked two jewish quarters of old istanbul on saturday , killing at least ## people and partly destroying the the city 's biggest synagogue as worshippers were at their sabbath prayers .
senior iraqi kurdish leader jalal talabani is to meet iranian president mohammad khatami during his first visit monday to the islamic republic since the fall of saddam hussein 's regime , officials said .
two militiamen were killed and another wounded in overnight fighting in northern afghanistan , rival faction commanders said on saturday .
india wrested back the advantage as wickets tumbled before tea on the fourth day of the second test with zimbabwe here on saturday .
syrian vice president abdel halim khaddam told a visiting delegation of tribal representatives from iraq that he was `` deeply worried '' about the situation in his neighbouring war-torn country .
a group of several hundred <unk> greek teachers working as temporary `` olympic education '' instructors in schools up to next year 's athens games took to the streets saturday to demand permanent posts .
the leader of hutu militia forces which operate in the democratic republic of congo and are blamed for rwanda 's genocide , has surrendered to the rwandan army , officials told afp here saturday .
twelve people were killed saturday in northern south africa when the minibus taxi they were traveling collided head-on with a truck , police said .
twelve people were killed in south africa on saturday when their minibus taxi collided head-on with a truck , police said , as the death toll on the country 's roads continued to skyrocket .
the england team have called on the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- to show consistency in their squad selection in the wake of alan smith 's botched call-up for the denmark friendly .
eleven people including several children died on saturday and more than ## people were injured in the collapse of a gangway on the queen mary ii , the largest passenger ship ever built , fire services said .
two slovak nationals have been arrested in brno in eastern czech republic for trying to sell three kilogrammes -lrb- #.# pounds -rrb- of radioactive material , possibly low-grade uranium , czech police said saturday .
eleven people including several children died on saturday and more than ## people were injured in the collapse of a <unk> on the queen mary ii , the largest passenger ship ever built , fire services said .
ismailia of egypt stunned esperance of tunisia #-# saturday to earn the right to meet enyimba of nigeria in the african champions league final .
twelve people died and ## others were injured , ## seriously , in an accident saturday on the queen mary ii , the largest passenger ship ever built , regional authorities said .
a us special forces soldier was killed and another injured after their vehicle was hit by an improvised bomb in northeast afghanistan where us troops are conducting a major offensive against militants , a us military spokesman said saturday .
twelve people died and ## others were injured , ## seriously , in an accident saturday on the queen mary ii , the largest passenger ship ever built , regional authorities said .
the leader of hutu militia forces which operate in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- and are blamed for rwanda 's genocide , has surrendered to the rwandan army , officials told afp here saturday .
zimbabwe were ##-# in their second innings at close of play on the fourth day of the second test against the west indies here on saturday requiring another ### runs to win .
the united states on saturday `` strongly '' condemned attacks on two synagogues in istanbul , which killed at least ## people who had gathered for sabbath prayers .
the cairo-based arab league denounced the deadly blasts that rocked two jewish quarters in old istanbul on saturday , but said israeli policy must shoulder some of the blame .
india defeated new zealand by ### runs in the last league match to qualify for the triangular one-day cricket series final here on saturday .
west indies were just one wicket away from victory in the second test against zimbabwe on saturday after a day in which ## wickets fell for only ### runs .
turkey 's islamist-rooted government , which has pledged to maintain close ties with israel , faced the uphill task of combatting not only terrorism but also anti-semitism following two car bomb attacks saturday against synagogues in istanbul .
turkey 's islamist-rooted government , which has pledged to maintain close ties with israel , faced the uphill task of combatting not only terrorism but also anti-semitism following two car bomb attacks saturday against synagogues in istanbul .
a train transporting material for the american military derailed saturday near samarra , north of baghdad , a spokesperson for the us #th infantry division said .
a hercules transport plane carrying the remains of the italian nationals killed in the nasiriyah bomb attack touched down at rome 's ciampino airport saturday , an afp correspondent said .
the remains of ## italian nationals killed in the nasiriyah bomb attack in southern iraq arrived at rome 's ciampino airport late saturday on board a hercules transport plane .
us president george w. bush condemned the bombings of two turkish synagogues on saturday and said the united states stands shoulder to shoulder with the turkish people in the war on terror .
a us helicopter came down in northern iraq on saturday , crashing into a road and catching fire in a residential neighborhood in central mosul , the us military and an afp correspondent said .
turkey 's chief rabbi yitzhak <unk> said that he had warned turkish police that car traffic posed a threat to two istanbul synagogues targetted in deadly bombings saturday .
a brigadier general , his wife and two guards were killed saturday by a landmine planted by suspected maoist rebels in the first death of a senior army officer in nepal 's seven-year insurgency , the defense ministry announced .
british prime minister tony blair said proposals saturday to speed up the transfer of power from the us-led coalition back to iraqis put the country back on the road to freedom and prosperity .
the death toll in a double car bomb attack near two synagogues in istanbul saturday has risen to ## , the anatolia news agency quoted police as saying .
wales gave their hopes of reaching their first finals since #### a major boost when they battled to a #-# draw with russia here on saturday in the first leg of their euro #### play-off clash .
the turkish police said on saturday that the death toll in a double car bomb attack near two synagogues in istanbul saturday was ## , revising downwards an earlier toll of ## killed .
chelsea 's joe cole will be handed a golden opportunity to stake a claim for a permanent england place when he lines up against denmark in sunday 's old trafford friendly .
the leader of rwandan rebels operating in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- and blamed for rwanda 's genocide , has given himself up , officials said here saturday .
at least ## people , several of them children , were killed and ## others injured saturday when a <unk> collapsed on board the queen mary ii , the newly-built ship which has been dubbed the largest passenger liner in the world , officials said .
american forces have arrested a total of ### suspects since wednesday in the region of mosul , north of baghdad , and the province of anbar , west of the capital , the us military announced saturday .
slovenia scored a priceless away goal and succeeded in holding croatia to a #-# draw in the first leg of their euro #### playoff here on saturday .
rain has delayed the start of saturday 's atp masters cup semi-final match here between andre agassi and rainer schuettler .
sudan 's opposition islamist leader hassan al-turabi said saturday he will meet with sudanese rebel leader john garang in france in `` the next few days '' to discuss the peace process in sudan .
twelve coalition soldiers were killed and nine wounded when two us blackhawk helicopters crashed in the northern iraqi city of mosul saturday , the us military said .
twelve coalition troops were killed when two us helicopters crashed saturday in northern iraq , as the us-led interim administration announced elections would be held here by end-#### .
italy 's prime minister silvio berlusconi , whose country holds the rotating eu presidency , met leaders of rome 's jewish community at the city 's main synagogue late saturday to express his solidarity after the attacks in istanbul , officials said .
tough new measures from the european commission to reduce germany 's public deficit , which is in contravention of eu guidelines , would be `` misplaced '' , german finance minister hans eichel said saturday .
the us army 's black hawk helicopter , two of which were downed in northern iraq on saturday , is a sturdy workhorse that backs up us ground troops in the country , it has been in service for a quarter of a century .
syria condemned as a `` criminal act '' saturday 's bomb attacks on two synagogues in neighbouring turkey 's second city of istanbul , information minister ahmad al-hassan said .
some ##,### maltese people established a world record for the biggest human rainbow on the tiny mediterranean archipelago saturday , breaking a chinese record set last year , officials said .
leading british muslims expressed their outrage saturday after a prominent islamic scholar was questioned at length by anti-terrorist police at london 's heathrow airport .
saudi arabia 's oil minister ali al-nuaimi saturday signed an estimated two-billion-dollar deal with a consortium led by majors royal dutch\/shell and total for gas exploration and production in the south of the kingdom .
rising chinese star guo yue , who became the youngest pro tour winner ever at the japan open in september , proved she is more than a flash in the pan saturday when she dispatched world champion wang nan #-# to advance to the semi-finals of the danish open .
prime minister-in-waiting paul martin signaled saturday that his government would forge a new national security policy for canada and wants to be sat at the table for any decisions affecting north america 's security .
saudi arabia 's oil minister ali al-nuaimi saturday signed an estimated two-billion-dollar deal with a consortium led by majors royal dutch\/shell and total for gas exploration and production in the south of the kingdom .
congolese health minister alain <unk> confirmed saturday that an viral outbreak that has already claimed the lives of ## people in the central african nation was caused by the deadly ebola virus .
a grenade blast saturday damaged the government headquarters of the bosnian serb-led republika srpska in the city of banja luka , officials said .
thirteen people were killed and ## others injured saturday when a <unk> collapsed on the queen mary ii , the newly-built ship which has been dubbed the largest passenger liner in the world , officials said .
the united nations intends to assist post-war reconstruction and the return of sudanese refugees after a final peace deal is signed to end sudan 's devastating civil war , foreign minister mustafa osman ismail said here saturday .
australia launched a thrilling second-half comeback to beat great britain ##-## here on saturday to clinch the ashes series .
israeli foreign minister sylvan shalom is scheduled to visit istanbul on sunday following two car bomb attack on synagogues in the city that claimed at least ## lives , a turkish diplomat said saturday .
cuban researchers have produced the first synthetic vaccine against pneumonia and meningitis , press reports said here saturday .
the appointment of a new leader has failed to boost britain 's main opposition conservatives in opinion polls , according to a survey released on saturday .
world champion yevgeny plushenko and us teenager sasha cohen glided to gold at the trophee lalique , the fourth round of the seven-leg isu grand prix figure skating series , here on saturday .
australia launched a thrilling second-half comeback to beat great britain ##-## here on saturday to clinch the ashes series .
syrian president bashar al-assad warned saturday against the dangerous repercussions of israel 's conduct in the middle east , in a speech marking the visit of indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee .
a majority of british voters regard george w. bush as a threat to world peace , a poll said saturday ahead of the us president 's state visit to britain next week .
loews corporation co-chairman and founder laurence tisch , a billionaire media mogul , wall street investor and philanthropist who headed the cbs television network from #### to #### , died of cancer saturday at the age of ## , loews announced .
los angeles clippers forward elton brand was placed on the injured list saturday with a hairline stress fracture of the right foot .
american keith tkachuk has been suspended for three games and fined almost half a million dollars by the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- for cross-checking san jose sharks rookie defenceman rob davison .
the indianapolis colts ' explosive offence has lost some of its firepower with the news that they could be without starting tight end marcus pollard for two games due with a knee injury and pro bowl wide receiver marvin harrison for sunday 's contest against the new york jets with a strained hamstring .
world champion yevgeny plushenko and us teenager sasha cohen glided to gold at the trophee lalique , the fourth round of the seven-leg isu grand prix figure skating series , here on saturday .
maris verpakovskis scored the only goal as latvia beat turkey in the first leg of their euro #### play-off here on saturday but the match was overshadowed for the turks by the car bomb attacks which killed ## people in istanbul .
veteran british cruiserweight johnny nelson fought out a points victory over germany 's alexander petkovic here on saturday to keep his wbo world crown .
several major currencies in the asia-pacific region ended the week up against the dollar , taking their lead from the japanese yen , which reached a three-year high , buoyed by stronger-than-expected economic growth .
turkish leaders said saturday they believed that international `` terrorist '' organizations were involved in a double car bomb attack on two istanbul synagogues that killed at least ## people and wounded more than ### .
andre agassi waited through a ##-minute rain delay then stormed from behind to defeat germany 's rainer schuettler #-# , #-# , #-# here saturday to reach the atp masters cup final .
a us federal judge has dismissed charges of illicit dealings with terror mastermind osama bin laden leveled against two prominent members of the saudi royal family , saying us courts lacked jurisdiction over the matter .
the death toll from a mid-air collision between two us combat helicopters over northern iraq has reached ## us soldiers , a us military official said late saturday .
uruguay boosted their confidence ahead of their clash with world champions brazil next week with a #-# win over chile in a south american qualifying match for the #### world cup here on saturday .
the death toll from a mid-air collision between two us black hawk helicopters over northern iraq has reached ## us soldiers , a us military official said late saturday .
turkey blamed `` international terrorists '' for twin car bomb attacks that devastated two synagogues in istanbul while jewish worshippers were at prayer saturday , killing ## people and wounding some ### .
britain 's most talked about marriage , between english football captain david beckham and the singer popularly known as posh spice , is not on the rocks , a spokeswoman for the couple said saturday .
prime minister tony blair sunday defended the timing of a state visit by us president george w. bush to britain next week , as demonstrators readied to protest in london 's streets against the visit .
newspapers headlined the anguish felt across new zealand sunday as the nation 's rugby world cup hopes lay in tatters on the ground at the olympic stadium in sydney .
at least five people were killed and ten injured in a train accident in russia 's volga region late saturday , the russian news agencies reported , quoting emergencies ministry and railway officials .
a drunken australian ejected from a sydney nightclub had to be rescued by ambulance officers when he trapped himself in an air vent as he tried to sneak back into the premises , club officials said sunday .
wales are braced for a hostile clash with russia when the two sides meet in their winner-takes-all euro #### play-off showdown in cardiff on wednesday after they battled to a #-# draw in the first leg here on saturday .
the #### winter olympic games here will be the most organized yet because for the first time the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- is training local officials in hosting a games , officials said .
england manager sven-goran eriksson has hit out at the football association 's handling of the selection of alan smith for the friendly against denmark here on sunday .
catalan regional election race was too close to call ahead of the start of voting on sunday as #.# million electors pondered whether to end ## years of rightwing nationalist rule .
police here have arrested three people , including a veiled woman , in connection with twin car bomb attacks that devastated two istanbul synagogues , killing ## people and wounding ### , the hurriyet daily 's web site reported sunday .
at least ## us soldiers were killed and five seriously injured late saturday when two us black hawk helicopters collided over northern iraq as one was reportedly trying to evade an attacking missile , according to us military and iraqi police sources .
union or league - australia it seems can do no wrong in the world of rugby as two huge wins continents apart sparked off the celebrations .
aim at the target and make sure the toilet seat is left gleaming -- that is the perfect remedy for a cleaner , happier world .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld flew to okinawa sunday to meet with local community leaders and see first-hand a military presence that washington is under pressure to reduce as it realigns forces worldwide .
embattled new zealand coach john mitchell received support from his australian counterpart eddie jones here on sunday after the all blacks stunning ##-## defeat at the hands of the wallabies in the world cup semi-finals .
the chairman of hong kong 's leading pro-beijing party has raised doubts about the right of non-chinese nationals to vote in the territory , which could affect the introduction of direct elections for the next leader , a report said sunday .
police have arrested a man suspected of killing at least ## high school students in a two-year period , after luring them from internet cafes and electronic gaming halls to his home in central henan province , state press said sunday .
at least ## people were wounded in two explosions in an <unk> neighborhood of the colombian capital late saturday , an army official said .
at least ## people , including three us citizens , were wounded in two explosions in an exclusive neighborhood of the colombian capital late saturday , security officials said .
hong kong 's financial secretary henry tang will depart sunday for a duty visit to beijing to update central government leaders on recent developments in the territory , a government spokeswoman said .
commonwealth games officials are to review rules and policies on awarding competitions in an effort to fend off criticism over the way india was awarded the #### event .
all black coach john mitchell was arch-villain number one in new zealand sunday with strident calls for his dismissal as a disbelieving public sought a scapegoat to blame for the latest world cup debacle .
a fisherman was killed and two of his crew members were injured after explosives they were using to catch fish detonated , police said sunday .
the china yangtze power co , the listing arm of the controversial three gorges dam , has been granted over #.# billion dollars in new loans only days ahead of its initial public offering , state press said sunday .
three fishermen believed to be myanmar nationals were stabbed to death in southern thailand in two separate incidents , police said sunday .
search efforts entered a third week on sunday to find more bodies from an indonesian flood disaster that has already left at least ### dead , an official said sunday .
a chinese provincial legislator has been arrested for involvement in the allegedly illegal construction of a building that collapsed after a massive blaze , killing ## firemen , state press said sunday .
two bungling fishermen trying to reach a favorite spot to cast a line allegedly caused the derailment of a train in australia at the weekend which injured ## people , police said sunday .
india 's selectors on sunday named two young fast bowlers for the upcoming tour of australia after burning the proverbial midnight oil to pick the ##-man squad .
cargo traffic at hong kong 's international airport rose #.# percent to a record high of ###,### <unk> in october , the territory 's airport authority -lrb- aa -rrb- said sunday .
three people were killed in the latest violence in indonesia 's restive poso district in central sulawesi while two suspected assailants in a bloody october ## attack on three villages were captured alive , police said sunday .
at least ## people , including three us citizens , were wounded in two explosions in an exclusive neighborhood of the colombian capital late saturday , security and health officials said .
foreign minister alexander downer insisted sunday that indonesia had cooperated in the expulsion of ## turkish asylum seekers , contradicting officials in jakarta equally adamant they did not .
<unk> alemu of ethiopia broke japan 's sydney olympic champion naoko takahashi 's winning streak to take the tokyo international women 's marathon on sunday .
turkish police have arrested three people , including a veiled woman , in connection with twin car bomb attacks that devastated two synagogues in istanbul , killing ## people and wounding some ### , the hurriyet daily 's web site reported sunday .
australian discount airline virgin blue pitches itself to investors monday when the retail section of its planned float opens , kicking off a process designed to raise hundreds of millions of dollars to bankroll expansion .
polling stations opened sunday as serbian voters sought once again to choose a president following two earlier elections which were ruled in valid due to low voter turnout .
the china yangtze power co , the listing arm of the controversial three gorges dam , has been granted over #.# billion dollars in new loans only days ahead of its initial public offering -lrb- ipo -rrb- , state press said sunday .
israeli foreign minister sylvan shalom arrived here sunday to meet with representatives of istanbul 's jewish community in the wake of saturday 's deadly blasts at two synagogues in the city .
<unk> alemu of ethiopia won the tokyo international women 's marathon on sunday , breaking japan 's sydney olympic champion naoko takahashi 's winning streak .
california governor-elect arnold schwarzenegger 's financial chief said saturday the state 's budget deficit was `` staggering '' and could reach ## billion dollars by #### .
two blasts ripped through two separate fireworks factories in southern china 's guangxi province in a span of ## hours , killing nine and injuring ## , state press reports said sunday .
pakistani police have been put on alert after the government cracked down on three militant religious outfits to stop them from resuming their activities under new names , an official said on sunday .
us-trained filipino helicopter pilots in their first rescue mission at night rescued three soldiers wounded in a clash with muslim separatists in the southern philippines , the military said sunday .
the death toll in an earthquake that jolted southwestern china 's yunnan province saturday has been revised to four dead , as the number of injured rose to ## , state press said sunday .
a palestinian man was shot dead by israeli forces early sunday during an operation in the southern gaza strip , according to sources on both sides .
turkish newspapers sunday pointed the finger at the al-qaeda terrorist network of osama bin laden as the culprit behind two deadly bomb attacks on synagogues in istanbul that killed at least ## people .
the us-led coalition outlined steps to hasten the transfer of political power in iraq , but not troop withdrawals , as ## of its soldiers were killed in the collision of two helicopters in northern iraq .
an x-ray in taiwan of a #,###-year-old egyptian mummy on loan from france 's louvre museum has confirmed that the body is that of a young girl but shed no light on the cause of her death , scientists said sunday .
india sunday said it was waiting to see how well a pakistani ban on three religious outfits -- one of which is accused by new delhi of fuelling an islamic rebellion in kashmir -- would work .
north korea urged south koreans sunday to step up anti-us protests against what it called us pressure for the dispatch of troops to iraq .
leading taiwan carrier china airlines -lrb- cal -rrb- and thai airways international are to begin code-sharing on the <unk> route to revive the service in the wake of sars , cal said sunday .
former all blacks coach john hart pleaded with new zealand fans to keep their emotions in check following the team 's world cup semi-final defeat by australia here saturday .
a regional summit on burundi at which an historic peace agreement between the country 's president and the head of the principal rebel movement is due to be signed opened here sunday .
at least ## people were killed in bomb attacks at two synagogues in the turkish city of istanbul on saturday , an israeli diplomat said on sunday .
a regional summit on burundi at which an historic peace agreement between the country 's president and the head of the principal rebel movement is due to be signed opened here sunday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon is to travel to rome on monday where he will hold talks his italian counterpart and ally silvio berlusconi , a source close to the premier said .
voters in the spanish region of catalonia began going to the polls on sunday to elect a new regional parliament , where the rightwing nationalists could lose their ##-year grip on power to parties on the left .
thailand 's teenagers are shunning the use of condoms in an alarming trend , the health ministry warned sunday as it called for more campaigns to encourage their use for protection against diseases like hiv-aids .
north korea said sunday it is ready to abandon its nuclear program `` in practice '' if the united states scraps its hostile policy toward the communist country .
a regional summit on burundi at which a historic peace agreement between the country 's president and the head of the principal rebel movement is due to be signed opened here sunday .
bbc world service will on monday launch new radio services for afghans and for <unk> speakers in pakistan , the british broadcaster announced .
the death toll in the collapse of a walkway on the queen mary ii rose to ## , officials said sunday .
palestinian leader yasser arafat condemned sunday the double synagogue bombing in istanbul as `` an ugly crime '' and offered his condolences to the jewish and muslim victims .
west indies beat zimbabwe by ### runs in the second and final test here sunday to win the series #-# .
an indian soldier was killed and six people seriously injured in an exchange of artillery and mortar fire by indian and pakistani troops in the disputed region of kashmir , police said sunday .
singapore airlines -lrb- sia -rrb- became the latest to pull its services to this southeastern bangladesh port city , airline officials said here sunday , as passenger loads fall and businesses relocate .
at least ## people were killed in bomb attacks at two synagogues in the turkish city of istanbul on saturday , the city 's health department said sunday .
the sudanese authorities have freed ### people who were jailed for failing to pay off debts or fines under a pardon for the muslim holy month of ramadan , an official newspaper said sunday .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld on sunday received a blunt request to downscale us bases in okinawa during talks with the chief of the southern japanese island .
twenty people , including ## separatist rebels , have been killed in indonesia 's war-hit aceh province as a top guerrilla was jailed for ## years on treason charges , the military and reports said sunday .
west indies beat zimbabwe by ### runs in the second and final test here on sunday to take the series #-# .
india sunday condemned the double synagogue bombing in istanbul , which claimed at least ## lives and injured ### .
south korean activists staged anti-us and anti-war protests sunday as us defense secretary donald rumsfeld arrived here for high-level security consultations .
bangladesh 's top mobile phone operator grameen phone ltd. -lrb- gp -rrb- sunday said its net earnings had jumped ## percent to #,### million taka -lrb- ##.## million dollars -rrb- in #### .
a pod of ## sperm whales , some ## metres long and weighing up to ## tonnes , have beached themselves on auckland 's west coast and died .
an indian army officer , two militants and a muslim couple were killed in indian kashmir , police said sunday .
michael owen on sunday strenuously denied reports that he was prepared to walk out on liverpool should the club fail to qualify for next season 's champions league .
north korea said sunday it is ready to abandon its nuclear program `` in practice '' if the united states scraps its hostile policy toward the communist country .
the speaker of the bangladeshi parliament sunday called on the main opposition awami league party to end their near year-long boycott of proceedings .
england led france ##-# at half-time of their world cup semi-final here at the olympic stadium on sunday .
thailand will investigate the indonesian navy 's sinking of a <unk> ship last week as it fished illegally off java , the thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra said sunday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon was hosting his first cabinet here sunday since the installation of a new palestinian government where ministers were expected to map out their strategy for the resumption of contacts .
us president george w. bush has hailed prime minister tony blair as `` a man of strong faith '' during a charm offensive about britain ahead of a potentially tricky state visit to the country .
the death toll in the collapse of a walkway on the queen mary ii has risen to ## , according to a new toll issued sunday by a spokesman for alstom , which owns the shipyard .
two soldiers were shot dead sunday by maoist rebels in southeastern nepal , police said .
the final days of campaigning ahead of local elections in mozambique have been marred by violence across the southeast african country , state television reported sunday .
olympic champions serbia montenegro powered their way to a three-set victory over china in their bid to win an athens olympics berth at the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on sunday .
chinese star zhang lian-wei claimed his first volvo china open crown sunday to finally lay his hands on the title he covets the most .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld was greeted with an anti-us protest sunday as he arrived here for high-level security consultations between the allies .
reformed hellraiser us president george w. bush has admitted a familiarity with london 's pubs ahead of his arrival in the city this week for a state visit to britain .
the death toll in the collapse of a walkway on the queen mary ii has risen to ## , according to a new toll issued sunday by a spokesman for alstom , which owns the shipyard .
the match receipts from sunday 's friendly between italy and romania will go to the families of those who died in this week 's bomb attack on an italian police base in iraq .
south korean foreign and trade minister yun young-kwan was due in moscow late sunday for a three-day visit to discuss a broad range of regional and bilateral issues , a south korean embassy official said .
an undersea earthquake with an intensity of #.# points on the richter scale occurred off the western greek island of cephallonia early on sunday , the athens observatory said .
a french woman working for the un 's refugee agency unhcr was shot dead by unknown gunmen sunday afternoon in the southeast afghan town of ghazni , a un spokesman said .
at least ## people were killed in bomb attacks at two synagogues in the historic turkish city of istanbul on saturday , the city 's health department said sunday .
pope john paul ii criticised israel on sunday for building a barrier in the west bank , saying the middle east `` does not need walls but bridges .
a french woman working for the un 's high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- was shot dead by unknown gunmen sunday afternoon in the southeast afghan town of ghazni , a un spokesman said .
president chandrika kumaratunga has denied reports she has offered to share the vital defense portfolio with her estranged prime minister , her spokesman <unk> peiris said sunday .
real madrid ace raul is confident perennial underachievers spain will make it to the euro #### finals despite only scraping past norway #-# in the first leg of their playoff tie on saturday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon expressed his confidence sunday that turkish authorities would arrest the perpetrators of the two bomb attacks on istanbul synagogues as his foreign minister met victims in turkey .
serbian prime minister zoran zivkovic called on citizens to vote sunday in presidential elections , the third in just over a year after two others failed due to insufficient turnout .
english premiership side middlesbrough declared sunday that spain 's gaizka mendieta was with them for the long term .
african leaders were set sunday to witness the signing of a peace accord between burundi 's transitional president and his main rebel adversary in the central african country .
president jacques chirac was due sunday to visit the scene of saturday 's tragedy at a shipyard in western france , in which ## people were killed falling from a gangway to the newly-built queen mary ii .
israeli foreign minister silvan shalom urged the international community to work together to combat terrorism on sunday after a `` cowardly '' double car bomb attack against two synagogues in istanbul left ## people dead .
olympic champions serbia montenegro powered their way through to a three-set victory over china in their bid to win an athens olympics berth at the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on sunday .
thousands of police will be deployed in athens monday for a march commemorating a bloody #### student uprising against greece 's then military junta .
more than three decades after they split , the beatles were sunday on the verge of yet another multi-million smash hit with their ` new ' album , a stripped down version of the band 's swansong , `` let it be '' .
president jacques chirac was due sunday to visit the scene of saturday 's tragedy at a shipyard in western france , in which ## people were killed falling from a gangway to the newly-built queen mary ii .
palestinian leader yasser arafat sunday added his voice to world condemnation of the bombing of two synagogues in istanbul - with most governments seeing an international terrorist link in the blasts .
luxury cruise liner the queen mary ii is likely to sail on its maiden voyage as planned early next year despite the death of ## people when a walkway to the ship collapsed , cruise firm cunard said sunday .
south african retief goosen struck <unk> on the ##th hole of a skins tournament held at the exclusive tanah merah country club in singapore on sunday .
egyptian foreign minister ahmed maher said here sunday that steps announced by washington to ensure a devolution of powers to the iraqis must be followed by other moves .
burundi president domitien ndayizeye and the leader of the main hutu rebel movement , pierre nkurunziza , on sunday signed a peace accord to end ## years of civil war in the central african country .
north korea said sunday it is ready to abandon its nuclear program `` in practice '' if the united states scraps what pyongyang calls a hostile policy towards the communist country .
african leaders at a regional summit enshrining a peace accord for burundi on sunday gave a diehard rebel movement three months to open peace negotiations .
maoist rebels have shot dead ## security personnel in different parts of the country , police said sunday .
african leaders at a regional summit enshrining a peace accord for burundi on sunday gave a diehard rebel movement three months to open peace negotiations .
israeli jets violated lebanese airspace sunday , causing sonic booms over the south of the country , as well as close to the syrian border in the north and east , police said .
the newly-appointed home affairs spokesman for britain 's main opposition conservative party sparked controversy on sunday by suggesting the country should bring back the death penalty .
us exports to saudi arabia remained stable in the first nine months of #### , according to official statistics released by the united states .
a top british business leader on sunday urged us president george w. bush to end his country 's `` protectionism and isolationism '' over trade , ahead of his state visit to the country next week .
swedish midfielder alexander <unk> is <unk> his brother at french first division side strasbourg on a four-year contract .
serbian presidential candidate dragoljub micunovic is a veteran fighter for democracy who was kicked out of tito 's communist party in the ####s for opposing its vision for the balkan country .
a last-minute strike by abbas hassan clinched a #-# victory for iraq over a western australian invitation side in what was dubbed a `` world peace game '' at <unk> arena , north of here , sunday .
police in indonesia 's aceh province said wednesday that an american journalist who had traveled with separatist rebels has been formally detained for questioning about possible immigration offences .
china may be succeeding in its attempt to cool its overheating economy and avoid a hard landing , analysts said after the release of key figures for last month 's national performance .
president olusegun obasanjo of nigeria will meet zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe in harare on monday , ahead of a commonwealth summit to which the zimbabwean leader has not been invited .
the united states embassy in the sudanese capital khartoum on sunday resumed operations after suspending them for nearly a week because of a security threat .
new palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei sounded optimistic notes about the work before him in an interview published sunday in the washington post while at the same time commenting bleakly that palestinian hatred towards the jewish state was at an all-time high .
at least seven militants were killed and two others , including a woman rebel and a fe security agencies .
two suspected members of the spanish basque separatist group eta were arrested early sunday at an isolated house in southwestern france , in a police raid that also netted several automatic weapons and fake documents , officials said .
the european jewish congress -lrb- ejc -rrb- announced sunday that it is to meet italian prime minister silvio berlusconi in his capacity as acting head of the european union to express its concern about saturday 's attacks on two synagogues in istanbul .
france winger christophe dominici sprained his knee in the world cup semi-final defeat by england here sunday and is doubtful for thursday 's third place play-off game against new zealand .
berlin 's jewish museum presented its annual award for tolerance and understanding to german publisher friede springer and interior minister otto schily at a gala event saturday night .
prime minister leszek miller of poland , a loyal us ally in iraq , criticised donald rumsfeld on sunday , saying that the us defense secretary was hell-bent on a military solution for iraq that miller argued would fail .
the algerian army has filed a defamation suit against the head of the opposition front for socialist forces -lrb- ffs -rrb- hocine ait ahmed , who last month accused the military of massacring civilians , press reports said sunday .
one woman died and ## people were injured in a double bomb attack in a crowded bogota neighborhood , emergency services said sunday .
the body of a british teenage girl missing for more than a week has been found in isolated countryside , police said on sunday , shortly after announcing a man had been arrested in connection with the case .
the bangladesh parliament met for a session sunday for the first time since opposition mps began a boycott almost a year ago , only for it to end in a noisy walkout .
dubai property developer emaar properties announced sunday a project to build the world 's largest shopping center , the size of more than ## soccer pitches , as the gulf emirate seeks to pull in more and more visitors .
president george w. bush insisted sunday the united states would not be driven out of iraq despite the worsening violence and the deaths of another ## us soldiers in a collision between two blackhawk helicopters over the northern city of mosul .
burundi president domitien ndayizeye , after signing a peace accord sunday with the main rebel movement in his central african country , called on the international community to release promised financial aid .
the palestinian national security council announced sunday the creation of local committees in the west bank and gaza strip to ensure the `` respect of law and order '' .
jordanian king abdullah ii awarded sunday the #### king hussein prize for humanitarian action to the former un high commissioner for refugees , mary robinson , in a ceremony in amman .
a top british business leader on sunday urged us president george w. bush to end his country 's `` protectionism and isolationism '' over trade , ahead of his state visit to the country next week .
egypt plans to host a conference next month aimed at removing barriers to foreign investment in the country , the state-run middle east news agency -lrb- mena -rrb- said sunday .
the french prosecutor looking into saturday 's accident on the passenger liner the queen mary ii has opened a judicial investigation into `` involuntary homicide and injuries , '' he announced sunday .
danish support for the euro has for the first time in years dropped below ## percent , largely due to neighbouring sweden rejecting the single currency in a september referendum , the danish press reported on sunday .
turkish police believe two powerful truck bomb attacks at two istanbul synagogue were carried out by suicide bombers , senior police officials told the anatolia news agency .
on the eve of israeli prime minister ariel sharon 's visit to rome , pope john paul ii sunday criticized israel 's building of a west bank security barrier , saying the middle east `` does not need walls but bridges .
togolese president gnassingbe eyadema began mediation talks on sunday with ivorian former rebels in search of `` a definitive solution '' to the crisis in their divided west african country , the presidential press service said .
the un refugee agency sunday condemned the `` senseless murder '' of a french woman worker who was shot dead at point-blank range by suspected taliban in southeast afghanistan .
india and syria want the united nations to play a major role in iraq where the priority must be to restore security , said a joint statement sunday to mark the departure of indian premier atal behari vajpayee .
at least ## people , including seven women , were killed and ## others were injured sunday when a tourist bus overturned and fell into a ditch in east indian state of west bengal , police said .
zimbabwe captain heath streak said his team had thrown away the chance of victory after the west indies won the second and final test by ### runs here on sunday to take the series #-# .
a french woman working for the un 's refugee agency was shot dead at point-blank range by suspected taliban in southeastern afghanistan sunday , in the latest in a series of attacks on foreign aid agencies .
tens of thousands of people protested sunday over what they called the spanish authorities ' bad handling of the break-up of the oil tanker prestige off the coast of spain a year ago .
four people had their throats slit in an attack near the burundi capital bujumbura blamed on rebels of the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- , officials said sunday .
one million barrels of iraqi crude , the country 's first oil exports since the end of the war , have arrived in jordan 's red sea port of aqaba , following an october deal , the energy ministry said here sunday .
holland coach dick advocaat called up psv eindhoven defenders wilfred bouma and arjen robben as cover for the suspended jaap stam and frank de boer as his side prepare to overturn a #-# deficit against scotland in the second leg of their euro #### playoff on wednesdasy .
recent raids by the ugandan army to free hostages being held by rebels from the lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- have left ## rebels and five government troops dead , an army spokesman said on sunday .
some #,### immigrants from ethiopia demonstrated sunday outside prime minister ariel sharon 's offices here as part of a campaign to persuade the government to allow their relatives to join them in israel .
a voice purported to be that of saddam hussein said us-led occupation forces have reached `` a dead end '' and called for the resistance to fight the us-installed governing council , in an audiotape broadcast sunday on dubai 's al-arabiya television .
here is a chronology of major events in burundi 's ##-year civil war , which has claimed some ###,### lives .
a frenchwoman working for the un 's refugee agency was shot dead at point-blank range by suspected taliban in southeastern afghanistan sunday , in the latest in a series of attacks on foreign aid agencies .
the israeli army on sunday arrested a wanted activist of the popular front for the liberation of palestine -lrb- pflp -rrb- in the west bank town of tulkarem , military sources said .
one woman died and ## people were injured in a double bomb attack in a crowded bogota neighborhood , emergency services said sunday .
palestinian leader yasser arafat sunday added his voice to world condemnation of the bombing of two synagogues in istanbul -- with most governments seeing an international terrorist link in the blasts .
canadian foreign minister bill graham on sunday condemned as `` cowardly acts of terror '' the deadly double synagogue bombings in istanbul one day earlier .
the deputy governor of the oil-rich city of kirkuk in northern iraq , ismail ahmed rajab <unk> , told afp he and his driver were wounded sunday in an assassination bid by unknown gunmen .
barcelona 's brazilian star ronaldinho warned sunday that he will not be rushed back from injury in order to play against primera liga arch-rivals real madrid next month .
englishman roy hodgson believes his united arab emirates team is on the verge of big things after guiding them to the verge of the asian cup finals .
a voice purported to be that of saddam hussein said us-led occupation forces have reached `` a dead end '' and called for the resistance to fight the us-installed governing council , in an audiotape broadcast sunday on dubai 's al-arabiya television .
five hours after jonny wilkinson kicked england to victory over france in the semi-finals of the rugby union world cup in sydney , the french rugby league team also found themselves on the losing side against the old enemy in the final of the european nations cup here on sunday .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder expressed hope sunday that the congress of his ruling social democrats would galvanise support for his unpopular social and economic reforms .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan is expected to convene his ministers on monday to discuss the double synagogue bombings in istanbul that claimed at least ## lives , an aide said sunday .
more than #,### people have demonstrated for the release of niger journalist <unk> abou , arrested earlier this month for allegedly defaming top government officials , local media reported sunday .
president jacques chirac visited a town in mourning sunday as he offered the condolences of the nation to relatives of the ## who died in saturday 's accident on the <unk> the queen mary ii .
four loud explosions were heard in baghdad , bringing to five the number of blasts late sunday in the iraqi capital , afp correspondents in the iraqi capital reported .
the speaker of the israeli parliament is to attend the funerals of victims of twin car bombings at two istanbul synagogues that killed at least ## people and wounded some ### , state radio said sunday .
the united states has told us citizens in turkey to redouble their security precautions and to stay away from areas in istanbul following this weekend 's double suicide bombings targetting synagogues there , the state department said sunday .
a british soldier was killed in an accident during a training exercise involving sandhurst officer cadets on a military base in cyprus , an army spokesman said sunday .
eleven eu experts arrived in bulgaria on sunday to inspect the country 's only nuclear plant , the bulgarian energy ministry said .
the prime ministers of bulgaria and romania on sunday tried to soothe fears that the slow pace of romania 's accession negotiations would scupper both states ' chances of joining the european union in #### .
a voice purported to be that of saddam hussein said us-led occupation forces in iraq have reached `` a dead end '' and urged the resistance to fight the us-installed authorities , in an audiotape broadcast sunday on al-arabiya television .
two people were killed and ## injured late sunday after a huge blaze swept through the tax-free zone of egypt 's mediterranean city of port said , hospital sources said .
turkey 's justice minister acknowledged sunday that the deadly synagogue blasts in istanbul might force the government to review its intelligence operations , following reports that the country was warned in advance about possible terrorist attacks .
us president george w. bush sunday offered condolences to turkey following deadly twin car bombings at two istanbul synagogues , and offered us assistance in catching the perpetrators .
us food regulators warned sunday that americans should beware of uncooked green onions , which are being blamed for an outbreak of hepatitis a infecting hundreds of people across four us states .
world champion valentino rossi suffered an embarrassing snub on sunday when honda , with whom he won three world motorcycling motogp championships , refused him permission to practice with his new yamaha employers .
president george w. bush expressed condolences sunday to the families of those killed in a midair collision between two us black hawk helicopters in iraq .
residents of istanbul , in shock after saturday 's devastating synagogue bombings , are fearful that turkey has been dragged into a cycle of conflict that has engulfed much of the rest of the world since the september ## attacks .
a frenchwoman working for the un 's refugee agency was shot dead at point-blank range by suspected taliban in southeastern afghanistan sunday , in the latest in a series of attacks on foreign aid agencies .
us president george w. bush on sunday welcomed the plan to hand over power to an iraqi government by june of next year and said us troop strength in the country would depend on the security situation at the time .
one million barrels of iraqi crude , the country 's first oil exports to jordan since the end of the war , have arrived in the red sea port of aqaba , under an october deal , the energy ministry said here sunday .
the republic of ireland squad were caught up in a dramatic armed raid on sunday at their plush dublin hotel base , sky news reported .
the republic of ireland squad were caught up in a dramatic armed raid on sunday at their plush dublin hotel base , the football association of ireland -lrb- fai -rrb- confirmed .
a seasonal movie about a <unk> , <unk> elf searching for his cynical father in new york starring saturday night live funnyman will ferrell has shot to the top spot at the us box office , according to preliminary weekend figures sunday .
emerging football force benin made a dramatic entry to the pool phase of the #### world cup\/african nations cup qualifiers sunday .
south africa 's rory sabbatini and trevor immelman won the <unk> cup here on sunday .
prime minister zoran zivkovic on sunday warned serbia not to turn its back on democratic reform after a nationalist candidate won most votes in a failed presidential election .
the deputy governor of the oil-rich city of kirkuk in northern iraq , ismail ahmed rajab <unk> , told afp he and his driver were wounded sunday in an assassination bid by unknown gunmen .
wales winger ryan giggs has declared himself fit for wednesday 's euro #### second leg play-off against russia in cardiff .
rain has halted play at the atp masters cup final with wimbledon champion roger federer leading australian open champion andre agassi #-# , #-# .
french president jacques chirac on sunday offered condolences to relatives of the ## who died in an accident on the cruise liner the queen mary ii , docked in the atlantic seaboard town of saint <unk> .
charlton centre-half richard rufus said sunday that he was targetting a december return to training after a lengthy layoff following knee surgery .
an israeli officer who was second-in-command of an army unit has been sentenced to ## days in prison for his treatment of palestinians , the military said sunday .
south africa 's second team was good enough to finish first at the # million-dollar world cup .
juventus striker marco di vaio came off the substitutes bench to score a second-half winner as italy edged romania #-# in a scrappy , low-key friendly here on the adriatic coast on sunday .
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said sunday turkey was trying to confirm reports that al-qaeda had claimed responsibility for the deadly bomb attacks on synagogues in istanbul , the cnn turk news channel reported .
little peru put behind them their mounting financial problems to battle back for a #-# draw against world champions brazil in their #### world cup qualifier in front of ##,### passionate fans here on sunday .
argentina went to the top of the south american #### world cup qualifying competition when they defeated bolivia #-# while defending world champions brazil were held to a #-# draw by peru .
thousands of british peace protestors are expected to throng central london when us president george w. bush touches down in britain this week on a state visit , but the us secret service said sunday it 's confident the president will remain `` secure .
forty years after the assassination of john f. kennedy , brother edward kennedy told us television sunday that he continues to draw inspiration from the life and accomplishments of the slain us president -- as well as those of another martyred brother , robert f. kennedy .
australia said monday it had not changed its terrorist threat level despite being named in a warning from al-qaeda that it could be the target of new attacks .
south africa 's second team was good enough to finish first at the # million-dollar world golf championships world cup .
russia 's state-controlled national broadcaster ntv on sunday dumped an already advertised report on a kremlin watcher 's controversial book in what media rights activists decried as censorship .
wimbledon champion roger federer and australian open champion andre agassi have resumed play at the atp masters cup final here sunday after a rain delay of # #\/# hours .
us forces fired mortars , tank rounds and helicopter guns early monday in a massive demonstration of firepower around tikrit , the birthplace of saddam hussein and a hotspot of anti-coalition violence .
world champion valentino rossi suffered an embarrassing snub on sunday when honda , with whom he won three world motorcycling motogp championships , refused him permission to practice with his new yamaha employers .
us president george w. bush on sunday welcomed the new blueprint for returning power to an iraqi government by june of next year , but he said remaining us troop strength in war-torn iraq would depend on the security situation at the time .
five chadian mine clearance experts and a french colleague have been killed in an explosion in northern chad , an official with the country 's mine action center -lrb- <unk> -rrb- told afp sunday .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan will convene his ministers on monday to discuss the deadly synagogue bombings in istanbul reportedly claimed by the al-qaeda terror network .
south african president thabo mbeki will lead a powerful delegation of cabinet ministers and businessmen on a state visit to france on monday to discuss a spectrum of issues ranging from africa to soccer .
chess grandmaster garry kasparov won game number three on sunday against a virtual reality supercomputer `` x#d fritz , '' tying the score in their four-game challenge at #.#-to-# .# .
australia 's notoriously tough quarantine officials will issue on the spot fines to cruise ship passengers who bring ship food ashore , the government announced monday .
chancellor gerhard schroeder and germany 's ruling social democrats gathered for their annual congress monday at the start of a make-or-break month for his radical but painful reform process .
hong kong share prices fell #.# percent in opening trade monday following declines on wall street on friday and falls on regional markets , dealers said .
andre watson of south africa will referee rugby 's world cup final for the second straight time when england take on australia at the olympic stadium here on saturday .
the dollar jumped against the yen monday as investors sold the japanese currency after news reports that al-qaeda warned of an attack on tokyo , dealers said .
moldova 's chief bread producer hiked up prices overnight as the impoverished republic struggles due to a gaping lack of grain following this summer 's drought .
philippine president gloria arroyo may seek an out-of-court settlement of cases filed by the government against her political rivals in a reconciliation bid ahead of may #### polls , a senior aide said monday .
the english press on monday hailed the ##-# rugby world cup victory over the `` old enemy '' france , singling out `` <unk> johnny '' wilkinson , who scored every one of england 's points in their impressive semi-final win in sydney .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi has condemned saturday 's deadly bomb attacks on jewish synagogues in turkey , saying such acts of terror went against islamic teachings .
australia 's film commission warned monday of a looming threat to the film industry from a planned free trade deal with the united states , as new figures showed hefty falls in investment in the sector .
hundreds of marauding monkeys who have been driven from forests by illegal loggers have invaded an indonesian village in search of food , a report said monday .
china 's retail sales rose ##.# percent year-on-year to ###.## billion yuan -lrb- ## billion dollars -rrb- in october , largely boosted by the `` golden week '' national holiday in the first week of the month , the government reported monday .
a fourth rare sumatran rhinoceros has died at a malaysian breeding center while the last remaining rhino is seriously ill , a report said monday .
hong kong conglomerate hutchison whampoa ltd plans to begin marketing a three-billion us dollar bond this week , a spokeswoman said monday .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra admitted monday that thai fishing trawlers have trespassed into indonesian waters and that the sinking of a <unk> vessel there last week was justified .
amnesty international on monday called for an investigation into reports that camp guards at a malaysian detention center beat up seven acehnese asylum-seekers for refusing to be repatriated .
oil prices fell in asian trade monday after reports of an increase in opec oil production in october , dealers said .
a key bali bomber who has already escaped the death penalty testified monday that another suspect on trial for his life had not assembled the biggest bomb .
a violent earthquake measuring up to #.# on the richter scale rocked the russian region of buryatia in southern siberia early monday , the itar-tass news agency reported .
the cincinnati bengals lived up to chad johnson 's unlikely guarantee , handing kansas city their first defeat of the national football league season .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower monday with investors taking their cue from a weak wall street and regional markets amid a lack of fresh positive leads , dealers said .
australian share prices closed #.# percent lower monday following a weaker lead from wall street and as the strong australian dollar continued to weigh on currency-sensitive stocks , dealers said .
women in many parts of new zealand became the targets of violence over the weekend as their partners took out their frustrations following the all blacks ' rugby world cup loss , women 's refuge organizations said monday .
sydney olympic marathon champion naoko takahashi expressed on monday her hope of representing japan for the athens olympic games next year after her poor performance in the tokyo marathon a day before .
the yen plunged against the dollar and euro monday as investors sold the japanese currency after reports al-qaeda warned of an attack on tokyo and a japanese stock market drop , dealers said .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower monday with investors taking their cue from a weak wall street and regional markets amid a lack of fresh positive leads , dealers said .
new zealand share prices finished marginally higher in lacklustre trading monday , with little corporate news to provide a lead , dealers said .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent lower monday , in line with the heavy losses seen in regional markets led by tokyo after mixed us data left wall street weaker friday , dealers said .
an iraqi man was seriously wounded monday when a bomb went off near the headquarters of the islamic movement of kurdistan in the northern iraqi city of kirkuk , police sources said .
five people , including a woman and her two <unk> sons , were killed and ## others were injured in explosions at a firework factory in central taiwan , police said monday .
norwegian envoys who have suspended mediation in sri lanka 's bloody civil war due to the political turmoil there will brief indian leaders on developments , norway 's embassy said monday .
prime minister thaksin shinawatra monday pledged to eradicate poverty in thailand within six years and hit out at critics who say they doubt his government can achieve the lofty goal .
australian share prices closed #.# percent lower monday following a weaker lead from wall street and as the strong australian dollar continued to weigh on currency-sensitive stocks , dealers said .
new zealand share prices finished marginally ahead in lacklustre trading monday with little corporate news to provide a lead , dealers said .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent lower monday , in line with the heavy losses seen in the regional markets led by tokyo after mixed us data left wall street weaker friday , dealers said .
australia 's top rugby league players may have to forget about future multi-million dollar deals from their union counterparts claimed wallabies coach eddie jones on monday .
world cup winning australian captain george gregan was one of five wallabies to sit out training here on monday as they recovered from knocks sustained in saturday 's semi-final win over new zealand .
a rebel group in the east-central african state of burundi on monday rejected an ultimatum to lay down their arms within three months and bring a final end to a civil war that has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives over the past decade .
world cup winning australian captain george gregan was one of five wallabies to sit out training here on monday as they recovered from knocks sustained in saturday 's semi-final win over new zealand .
moody 's on monday placed the ratings of resona bank , a unit of the fifth largest banking group in japan , on review for a possible upgrade , citing its confidence in government support for the sector .
yemeni president ali abdullah saleh has either freed or pardoned a total of ### men suspected of links with the al-qaeda islamic extremist network , the official saba news agency said on monday .
president olusegun obasanjo of nigeria arrived in the zimbabwean capital harare early monday for a day of talks with president robert mugabe ahead of next month 's commonwealth summit , to which mugabe has not so far been invited .
soul singer luther vandross was a big winner at sunday 's american music awards , picking up two honors even as he recovers from a major stroke he suffered earlier this year .
south korean share prices closed sharply lower monday on heavy program selling , with sentiment undercut by a steep decline on the tokyo bourse and after us technology stocks fell , dealers said .
philippines president gloria arroyo endorsed on monday a petition by her detained predecessor joseph estrada seeking leave from his corruption trial to have medical treatment in the united states .
the main force battling islamic militants in indian kashmir has started to pull out of the summer capital srinagar and be replaced by lesser trained police , officials said monday .
saudi arabia is pleased to see iraq return to the world oil markets after years of disruption through war and embargo , oil minister ali al-nuaimi said after overnight talks with his iraqi counterpart ibrahim bahr al-ulum , the official spa news agency reported monday .
sixteen people in bangladesh have been given the death penalty in several separate cases of murder , judicial sources said monday .
coalition forces said monday they had captured an iraqi resistance leader blamed for anti-us attacks and nine other men in <unk> , east of the central iraqi town of ramadi .
the israeli army 's chief of staff general moshe yaalon has hinted that more action could be directed against syria if it `` ignores the message '' of last month 's air strike near damascus , public radio reported monday .
a rebel group in the east-central african state of burundi on monday rejected an ultimatum to lay down their arms within three months and bring a final end to a civil war that has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives over the past decade .
twenty iranian pilgrims have been killed and ## others injured when the bus they were traveling in collided with a truck in the center of the country , press reports said monday .
controversial australian euthanasia <unk> philip nitschke unveiled his latest suicide device monday , highlighting the ease with which it can be assembled using household items such as a vegemite jar .
indonesian prosecutors monday sought a ##-year jail sentence for a man accused of giving explosives to islamic militants who bombed a mcdonald 's restaurant .
prime minister helen clark reaffirmed monday there was no intention of withdrawing new zealand forces from iraq despite recent violence in the basra area where they are stationed .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower monday as most investors stayed on the sidelines ahead of tuesday 's trading debut of china yangtze power , the listing arm of the massive three gorges dam project , dealers said .
the close-range killing of a frenchwoman working for the un refugee agency in southeast afghanistan at the weekend brings to ## the number of aid workers killed by suspected taliban this year .
the all blacks ' upset loss to australia in rugby 's world cup on saturday <unk> an abrupt rise in the level of women being attacked by their male partners , women 's refuge organizations said monday .
prime minister ariel sharon flew out of israel monday headed for rome , where he will hold talks with his italian counterpart silvio berlusconi , an afp correspondent traveling with the premier said .
a corruption probe was launched in australia monday into a <unk> electoral fraud conviction which temporarily put firebrand right-wing politician pauline hanson behind bars .
police said monday they had arrested two men for torching a court and a prosecutor 's office in indonesia 's flores island during a mass protest against the sentencing of a catholic priest for libel .
an indian government minister who was caught on video allegedly taking a cash bribe offered monday to resign in an attempt at political damage control ahead of crucial provincial elections .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared with friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the israeli foreign ministry warned travellers monday planning to visit turkey to `` take every precaution '' following the weekend twin car bomb attacks on synagogues in istanbul .
silkair , the regional wing of singapore airlines -lrb- sia -rrb- , will suspend its twice-weekly service to chittagong from january , a silkair spokeswoman said here monday .
hong kong shares closed #.## percent lower monday in line with losses in regional markets after japanese stocks plunged to a three-month low , dealers said .
south korean companies , hit by tumbling sales , have boosted profitability through cost-cutting and lower interest expenses , stock market authorities said monday .
us open champion andy roddick has finished ahead of wimbledon champion roger federer , french open champion juan carlos ferrero and australian open champion andre agassi in both the #### champions race and atp rankings .
controversial australian euthanasia campaigner philip nitschke unveiled his latest suicide device monday , highlighting the ease with which it can be assembled using household items such as a jam or vegemite jar .
fifty-four iranians are to be pardoned in a mass prisoner release in turkmenistan during the holy muslim month of ramadan , official sources in this former soviet republic said on monday .
a saudi woman saved at least one life when she broke the law to drive seven people wounded in the suicide bombing of a housing compound in the capital to hospital , a newspaper said monday .
vietnam 's authorities were monday trying to restore food supplies and rehouse hundreds of thousands of people left homeless by the floods that killed ## and caused millions of dollars worth of damage last week .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale hit the aleutian islands region off the coast of the us state of alaska on sunday , the strasbourg earth sciences observatory said monday .
hyundai group chairwoman hyun jung-eun on monday announced an offer of new shares in an intensifying family feud for control of the troubled business empire .
the euro disney theme park near paris said its turnstiles clicked through ###,### fewer visitors in ####-#### than the previous year with the result that losses leapt by ##.# percent .
henkel , the german maker of persil washing powder , said on monday its net profit rose ##.# percent to ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in the third quarter of the current year , at the top end of analysts ' expectations .
british mobile phones group mmo# announced on monday its first pre-tax profit , two years after it was <unk> off from the country 's <unk> behemoth bt group .
iran 's top national security official , hassan rowhani , was to meet senior european union officials in brussels monday as part of a major diplomatic lobbying effort ahead of a meeting of the un 's nuclear watchdog .
the malaysian navy has detained ## thai fishermen and one from myanmar for alleged illegal fishing here , and seized two boats , it said monday .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower monday as most investors stayed on the sidelines ahead of tuesday 's debut of china yangtze power , the listing arm of the massive three gorges dam project , dealers said .
the drop kick goal should be devalued from three points to one , former all black winger grant batty said monday .
italian president carlo azeglio ciampi cut short an official visit to the united states on monday to honor ## of his countrymen killed in a bomb attack in nasiriyah in southern iraq .
myanmar 's ruling junta on monday rejected a report that north korea is selling it missiles and providing nuclear technology , saying it had no intention of threatening its neighbors with the weapons .
indonesia monday said third quarter economic growth picked up from the second quarter to an annualised #.## percent , making the full-year target of four percent is achievable .
conrad black is resigning as head of hollinger international which owns the daily telegraph newspaper in london , chicago sun-times and jerusalem post , over an internal probe into special payments , the group said on monday .
a corruption probe was launched in australia monday into a <unk> electoral fraud conviction that temporarily put firebrand right-wing politician pauline hanson behind bars .
patrolling us soldiers were attacked in the center of afghanistan 's main southern city kandahar at the weekend , but there were no casualties , police said monday .
lebanon 's shiite fundamentalist group hezbollah has ruled out a prisoner exchange with israel if the jewish state refuses to include a lebanese jailed for more than ## years , a newspaper reported monday .
england coach clive woodward brushed off fears that spies might seek to gain inside information on his team 's preparations ahead of saturday 's world cup final against australia .
more than two million thais are expected to take part in a mass aerobics workout to mark national health day this sunday , officials said monday .
british retailer debenhams marked its debut in asia with the launch monday of its first department store in malaysia 's largest shopping mall , and said it planned to expand to indonesia , thailand and china .
indonesian share prices closed #.## percent lower monday , slipping against a backdrop of weaker regional markets , dealers said .
hong kong 's unemployment rate declined for the third consecutive report , falling to #.# percent in the three months to october due to a continued pickup in economic activity , the government said monday .
an indian government minister who was caught on video allegedly taking a cash bribe offered monday to resign in an attempt to control damage two weeks before elections in politically crucial states .
russian defense minister sergei ivanov called for greater state control over oil resources and accused the country 's oil majors of failing to invest sufficiently in exploration in an interview published monday .
hong kong shares closed #.## percent lower monday on further market consolidation , with sentiment undermined by wall street 's losses on friday and the weakening of regional bourses , dealers said .
bad weather has threatened to ruin the start of the three-match one-day series between england and sri lanka here on tuesday .
hopes of ending a civil war that has claimed an estimated ###,### lives in the east-central african state of burundi over the past decade dimmed monday when a rebel group rejected an ultimatum to lay down arms within three months .
a chinese businessman has been sentenced to death for bank fraud after he promised a company high interest rates but swindled it out of some ##.# million yuan -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- , state press reported monday .
malaysian share prices closed #.## percent lower monday on profit-taking sparked by weakness on regional markets , dealers said .
two ringleaders of a large chinese gang have been sentenced to life in jail after being convicted of kidnapping and trafficking ## young women , state press said monday .
pilots of an international airline monday refused to fly ### pakistan men who were being deported from sri lanka after overstaying their visas , officials said .
the sultanate of oman will observe a week of public holidays to celebrate national day and eid al-fitr , which marks the end of the muslim fasting month of ramadan , officials said monday .
a major shareholder in the embattled russian oil giant yukos who has fled to israel accused the kremlin monday of persecuting the group after an attempt to unseat him as rector of a prestigious moscow university .
president olusegun obasanjo of nigeria met with zimbabwean president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai in harare monday , ahead of next month 's commonwealth summit to which mugabe has not been invited .
a man who broke into a beijing wildlife park near the great wall has been found dead after being mauled by a siberian tiger , local press reports said monday .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower monday as investors sold off heavily after the government introduced and then modified measures to curb speculators , dealers said .
foreign money will play a greater role in china 's energy sector in the future if only the government will let it by facilitating the inflow of funding from abroad , the international energy agency said monday .
this western indian city was still jubilant monday after a festival that saw some of bollywood 's biggest stars gather to celebrate the city 's film and television institute of india -lrb- <unk> -rrb- .
european stock markets suffered heavy losses in early trading on monday as gloom from new york 's poor end to last week was compounded by a plunge in japanese equities linked to fears about terrorism .
conrad black , the north american press baron who controls the daily telegraph in london , chicago sun-times and jerusalem post , is resigning over a payments probe and might sell his empire , his hollinger group said on monday .
south african president thabo mbeki left monday morning for a three-day state visit to france , during which he is expected to discuss a spectrum of issues ranging from african development to soccer .
the success of a nationalist hardliner in serbia 's inconclusive presidential election on the weekend marks the end of the balkan republic 's reformist government , reports said monday .
indonesian share prices closed #.## percent lower monday , slipping against a backdrop of weaker regional markets , dealers said .
henkel , the german maker of persil washing powder , said on monday that bottom-line profits rose in the third quarter as recent restructuring measures began to bear fruit , but it remained cautious on the earnings outlook in the absence of any sustained recovery in its key markets .
deutsche post , the semi-privatised german postal authority , is to pay an increased dividend to its shareholders for the #### business year , finance chief edgar ernst was quoted by the monday edition of the daily die welt as saying .
employees of iraq 's central bank were <unk> monday while a rocket which landed nearby was defused , witnesses said .
alstom shares plunged #.## percent after the market opened monday for the first time since ## people died in a weekend accident aboard the luxury liner queen mary # at the group 's shipyard on the french atlantic coast .
indian stocks closed #.## percent higher monday on active buying in most sectors by investors amid sustained upbeat sentiment about the economy , brokers said .
a muslim cleric and his assistant arrested in germany on suspicion of links with the al-qaeda network have been extradited to the united states , prosecutors said monday .
a top chechen envoy whom britain has refused to extradite to moscow urged russians on monday to vote against president vladimir putin and the pro-government party in next month 's parliamentary elections .
fresh squabbles among cambodia 's political parties emerged monday as they failed to agree on a date to discuss forming a coalition government , nearly four months after inconclusive elections .
rubber prices in singapore were lower monday on reduced volumes , dealers said .
another strike by austrian airline -lrb- aua -rrb- pilots was looming on monday as the head of the airline 's labor union said he saw no room for a compromise with management over its cost-cutting plans .
a kuwaiti secondary school has barred ### girls from attending classes for the last two days after refusing to wear the muslim hijab headscarf , a newspaper reported monday .
egypt 's intelligence chief omar suleiman began talks here monday with palestinian leader yasser arafat and prime minister ahmed qorei as part of efforts to broker a new ceasefire with israel .
dresdner bank , the banking arm of german insurance giant allianz , is considering pulling out of high-street banking in eastern europe as part of a restructuring program being imposed by allianz , a spokesman for the bank said on monday .
the european union 's top diplomat said monday iran had been `` honest '' in its nuclear dealings with the international community but must now implement a deal to open up its nuclear sites to snap inspections .
a decision by the kuwaiti government sunday to open up the domestic aviation sector to private investors is expected to lure billions of dollars in investments , a senior economist said monday .
a muslim cleric and his assistant arrested in germany on suspicion of links with the al-qaeda network have been extradited to the united states , prosecutors said monday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon flew into rome early monday for a three-day visit to italy aimed at bolstering israel 's troubled relations with the european union .
pakistan vowed monday to `` choke '' any terrorist financing channels by the end of the week as it pursued a surprise new crackdown against islamic militant groups .
thai regulators on monday cracked down on speculators accused of overheating the stock market , approving new rules requiring deposits of up to ## percent on retail day-trading accounts .
germany 's ruling social democrats launched their annual congress monday hoping to put on a united front behind chancellor gerhard schroeder despite widespread discontent over his reform policies .
south korean president roh moo-hyun 's national security advisor will leave tuesday for europe for talks on the north korean nuclear crisis , the president 's office said .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower monday as investors sold off heavily after the government introduced measures to curb speculators , dealers said .
spain 's leading hotel chain sol melia reported on monday a ##-percent rise in net nine-month profits to ##.## million euros -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- , including exceptional items , but sales slipped .
the european union monday condemned the `` heinous '' weekend bomb attacks on two synagogues in istanbul and reaffirmed its opposition to anti-semitism .
india have selected an <unk> it was good to see jason gillespie on the comeback from injury after being named in the south australian squad to play new south wales in adelaide from tuesday .
pakistan on monday accused indian forces of blocking youths trying to escape repression in indian-controlled kashmir in what it termed a `` reverse <unk> movement .
a #.#-million dollar corruption case involving two former government deputy ministers began in vietnam monday , state media said .
french carrier air france will in june #### resume flights to tehran , nearly seven years after the service was halted due to low profitability , the company said monday .
nobel peace laureate elie wiesel criticised pope john paul ii for condemning israel 's building of a west bank security barrier in an interview with an italian newspaper monday which coincided with the start of a visit by israeli prime minister ariel sharon .
a new hearing opened monday into a #### plane crash at hong kong 's international airport that killed three and injured more than ### , following fresh evidence blaming weather rather than pilot error .
mclaren mercedes said monday that williams ' colombian driver juan pablo montoya will join the team for the #### formula one season .
german power giant e. on said on monday that its earnings rose strongly in the first nine months on the back of the strong performance of its core energy businesses .
chinese scientists have found an early sample of a flower sub-species that was once rare , but has gradually expanded to now nearly dominate the kingdom of plants , state media said monday .
hundreds of students from kabul university protested monday against the heavily presidential system of government advocated in the draft of afghanistan 's first post-taliban constitution .
<unk> production in the ##-nation eurozone shrank by #.# percent in august compared to september , and was down #.# percent on a ##-month basis , the eu statistics office eurostat said monday .
malaysia 's top mobile operator maxis communications on monday posted a ##.# percent year-on-year rise in third quarter net profit and said it expects a satisfactory performance in the remaining quarter .
pakistan on monday hit back at accusations from afghanistan 's foreign minister that it is supporting taliban <unk> , saying afghanistan was failing to help control the neighbors ' porous frontier .
sri lanka 's influential buddhist clergy has called for the scrapping of the country 's constitution , blaming it for the power struggle between the president and the prime minister , temple officials said monday .
the united states began its final round of consultations with cambodian groups and the government monday over annual textile quotas it will provide to cambodia for the last time in #### .
lithuanian president rolandas paksas , fighting for his political survival after a security services report accused his office of links with the mafia , plans to visit his country 's troops in iraq this week , defense minister linas linkevicius said on monday .
conrad black , the north american press baron who controls the daily telegraph in london , chicago sun-times and jerusalem post , is resigning over a payments probe and might sell his empire , his hollinger group said on monday .
in its second vehement verbal attack on taiwan in less than a week , china monday urged the island 's president chen shui-bian to stop his separatist `` criminal activities , '' state media reported .
japanese share prices plunged to a three-month low monday on concerns about the health of the banking sector and that tokyo could be a target of iraq-related terrorism .
the renowned la fayette collection of classic french stamp errors , estimated at around seven million euros , goes under the hammer on monday in the most important stamp sale held in france in ## years .
the english press on monday hailed the ##-# rugby world cup victory over the `` old enemy '' france , singling out `` <unk> jonny '' wilkinson , who scored every one of england 's points in their impressive semi-final win in sydney .
egypt 's intelligence chief omar suleiman expressed optimism about the prospects of securing a new middle east ceasefire after talks here monday with the palestinian leadership .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder called on his grumbling party monday to show `` the courage for truth , the desire for change , '' as he opened its annual congress amid widespread discontent over his reforms .
sudanese authorities on monday suspended publication of the independent daily al-ayam while they investigate charges it has threatened national security , newspapers reported monday .
turkish financial markets held steady on monday as investors took a punt that the deadly weekend bombings in istanbul would not hit the fragile economic progress in the crisis-hit country .
the european central bank may be forced to raise its key interest rates if eurozone governments ' runaway public deficits feed inflationary pressures in the region 's economy , the bundesbank hinted on monday .
a palestinian implicated in four suicide bomb attacks in israel was handed ## life sentences by an israeli military tribunal monday , according to military sources .
burundi has embarked on a rocky road to recovery from civil war , with an obstinate rebel group on monday rejecting calls to disarm and a devastated economy that can ill afford the costs of peace-building .
french president jacques chirac will hold summit talks in london next monday with british prime minister tony blair , british officials said monday .
the death toll from the weekend suicide truck bombings at two synagogues in istanbul rose to ## on monday after the discovery of another body , health officials said .
in an interview published in britain on the eve of a state visit by us president george w. bush , the right-wing us politician richard perle said his country continued to make no distinction between people who carry out terrorist acts and countries that harbor them .
the european union monday welcomed plans to accelerate the handover of power in iraq from the us-led coalition , and stressed the `` vital role '' of the united nations in rebuilding the country .
pakistan vowed monday to choke `` terrorist '' financing channels within days as it pursued a surprise new crackdown on militant groups , raiding banned groups ' offices and arresting key leaders .
french flanker serge betsen has been cited for allegedly kicking england scrum-half matt dawson in the head during their world cup semi-final defeat on sunday .
at least seven people , including two children , were killed in india 's troubled northeastern state of assam in continuing ethnic clashes between two tribal communities , police said monday .
british prime minister tony blair defended this week 's state visit to london by us president george w. bush , saying this was no time to waver in the face of global terrorism .
the death toll from the weekend suicide truck bombings at two synagogues in istanbul rose to ## on monday after the discovery of another body , health officials said .
the united states on monday urged us citizens in yemen to step up personal security precautions , warning that the extradition from germany of a yemeni cleric with suspected al-qaeda links might spark anti-american actions .
british prime minister tony blair called on the united states on monday to respond to a world trade organisation -lrb- wto -rrb- ruling hat have already stalled since a meeting in cancun , mexico collapsed three months ago amid deep divisions between rich and poor nations .
inter milan are desperately trying to sign brazilian starlet diego , according to the gazzetta dello sport on monday .
participants in next month 's first ever global summit on the information society are to hold another meeting to finish preparations on the meeting over how to bridge the digital divide between rich and poor countries , organisers said monday .
senior iraqi kurdish leader and current chair of iraq 's us-appointed governing council , jalal talabani , arrived in iran on monday in his first visit here since the fall of saddam hussein 's regime .
delphi corporation , the world 's biggest cars parts supplier , said monday it has bought the car radio division of bankrupt german consumer electronics group grundig for ## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- .
petroleum development oman -lrb- pdo -rrb- , a hydrocarbon exploration and production company , is inviting bids for the development of an oil field in the south of the gulf state , press reports said monday .
oil prices nudged downwards on monday as dealers took some profits following strong gains the previous week on the back of worries about iraq and terrorism .
nato chief lord george robertson arrived in kosovo monday for a brief visit to the un administered province , an official said .
bangladesh 's second largest opposition party , the jatiya party -lrb- jp -rrb- , monday said it would join the main opposition awami league party in boycotting the current session of parliament because of comments made by a government minister .
a rare new `` super '' strain of tuberculosis that is costly and time-consuming to treat has been identified in south africa 's western cape province , a leading scientist said monday .
a major shareholder in the embattled russian oil giant yukos who has fled to israel accused the kremlin monday of forcing his ouster as rector of a prestigious moscow university as part of its campaign of persecution of the group .
at least four people , including a civilian , were killed and three others wounded in fighting between two local rival commanders in eastern afghanistan , a military official said on monday .
middlesbrough defender franck queudrue has been cleared of violent behavior after an incident involving southampton striker kevin phillips .
one dancing the classics , the other showcasing china 's contemporary scene , russia 's bolshoi ballet and the beijing modern dance company will play in the french capital next january as guests of the paris opera .
a pan-african parliament will come into being in mid-december now that a ##th african union -lrb- au -rrb- member state -- senegal -- has ratified the african economic community treaty , the au said at the weekend .
israel will not dismantle jewish settlements , a senior official traveling with prime minister ariel sharon said monday , adding that such a move would be tantamount to a `` reward for terrorism .
italian fashion group prada has signed a preliminary agreement with four <unk> banks to guarantee a loan convertible into shares when the company is eventually floated on the stock market , a <unk> said monday .
president johannes rau flies out of berlin late monday on a ##-day trip to mexico , chile , uruguay and brazil aimed at strengthening germany 's standing in latin america , his office said .
seven eastern african countries launched a regional foundation here monday to help fight paediatric pneumonia and meningitis , organisers said .
southampton 's matt oakley needs reconstructive surgery on his left knee which will rule him out for the remainder of the season .
some #,### greeks gathered in downtown athens monday to commemorate a bloody #### student uprising against greece 's then military junta , police sources said .
russian orthodox patriarch alexy ii on monday appealed for unity among christians in a single church ahead of a historic visit to moscow by orthodox leaders from outside russia .
swedish primary school students increasingly suffer from headaches , with one in six reporting a migraine at least once in the past year and one in four reporting a tension headache , a fresh study showed .
working on a much <unk> follow-up album to her hugely succesful debut effort `` <unk> ! nelly '' made it easier to cope with a first pregnancy , canadian pop star nelly furtado has said .
russia said monday that an agreement to transfer control of the country from us overseers to iraqis risked failure because it did not provide a role for the united nations .
denmark 's customs agency said monday it had tightened controls on israeli goods to ensure that items produced in jewish settlements in occupied palestinian territories do not benefit from favorable trade conditions from the european union .
british rider neil hodgson and spaniard ruben <unk> will compete for the ducati <unk> team in next season 's motogp championship .
four russian servicemen including three officers have gone on trial for the murder of six chechen civilians in january #### , russian media reported monday .
about #,### tobacco growers laid siege to the european union quarter of brussels monday in a noisy protest at eu proposals to scrap subsidies they say are vital for their livelihoods .
russian authorities on monday announced a near seven percent hike in industrial output this year as well as a ## percent surge in foreign direct investment .
britain 's ambassador to uzbekistan returned to his post on monday despite reports that london has been calling for his head for criticizing the dismal human rights record in the former soviet republic , an embassy official said .
egypt 's intelligence chief omar suleiman expressed optimism about the prospects of securing a new middle east ceasefire after talks here monday with the palestinian leadership .
police in the baltic state of lithuania have seized a record haul of hashish worth one million dollars -lrb- ###,### euros -rrb- in the port of klaipeda , a police spokeswoman said on monday .
the german company accused of supplying israel with a defective non-dairy baby formula blamed for the deaths of two babies said monday that it had sacked four employees over the incident .
us troops said monday they had killed six suspected saddam hussein loyalists in battle against the growing insurgency in iraq as us president george w. bush vowed his forces would not leave the war-torn country `` until the job is done .
williams driver juan pablo montoya has described his link-up with mclaren for the #### formula one season as an amazing challenge .
israel will not dismantle jewish settlements , a senior official traveling with prime minister ariel sharon said monday , adding that such a move would be tantamount to a `` reward for terrorism .
at least five people were killed in an air-strike near a taliban-controlled district of southeastern afghanistan , a police commander and the us military said .
us stocks swung lower in opening trade monday as the market continued consolidation , with no major economic or corporate news on the calender .
the chief lawyer representing alexandros <unk> , the alleged chief of the greek extremist faction november ## , on monday defended the group 's record of ## murders and ## bomb attacks during ## years of violent action .
turkish financial markets suffered only minimal losses monday as investors took a punt that the deadly weekend bombings in istanbul would not hit the fragile economic progress in the crisis-hit country .
briton richard burns will have to sit out next season 's world rally championship as he receives radiation therapy on a brain tumor .
guinea-bissau 's interim parliament has reinstated the head of the supreme court , sacked in #### by kumba yala , the president who was toppled in a september coup , a spokesman said monday .
pakistan vowed monday to choke `` terrorist '' financing channels within days as it pursued a surprise new crackdown on militant groups , raiding offices and making more than ### arrests .
israel on monday flatly rejected pope john paul ii 's condemnation of its building of a security barrier in the west bank as prime minister ariel sharon began a three-day visit to italy .
the french computer group bull announced an #.# percent fall in sales in the third quarter to ###.# million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- compared with the same period last year .
nearly half of london 's police officers will be on the job when us president george w. bush pays a state visit to britain from tuesday , the metropolitan police said monday .
the popularity of russian president vladimir putin has risen sharply in recent days , with the legal campaign against oil giant yukos likely to have contributed to the surge , an opinion poll institute said monday .
some #,### greeks gathered in downtown athens monday to commemorate a bloody #### student uprising against greece 's then military junta , police sources said .
sri lanka 's beleaguered government monday said it could draw from the french political system in a bid to head off a bitter power struggle with a hostile president .
the vietnam war veteran who inspired the film `` born on the fourth of july '' kicked off a week of protests in london on monday against the state visit of us president george w. bush .
eu external relations commissioner chris patten and several ministers criticized monday an outburst by italian prime minister silvio berlusconi backing russian president vladimir putin , eu sources said .
some #,### greeks gathered in downtown athens monday to commemorate a bloody #### student uprising against greece 's then military junta , police sources said .
about #,### tobacco growers laid siege to the european union quarter of brussels monday in a noisy protest at eu proposals to scrap subsidies they say are vital for their livelihoods .
belgium will co-host a donor conference in support of the transition to peace in burundi , whose government signed a power-sharing accord with rebels at the weekend , the foreign ministry announced monday .
israel should respect any ceasefire agreed by the palestinians rather than force its collapse , egyptian foreign minister ahmed maher said monday as his country pursued efforts to secure a truce .
the trial on genocide charges of former rwandan finance minister emmanuel <unk> has been postponed because witnesses have not arrived at the un tribunal here , the independent hirondelle news agency reported .
travelers property casualty and st. paul companies said monday they are merging to form the second largest us commercial insurance company by market value .
briton richard burns will miss next season 's world rally championship as he receives radiation therapy on a brain tumor .
belgium will co-host a donor conference in support of the transition to peace in burundi , whose government signed a power-sharing accord with rebels at the weekend , the foreign ministry announced monday .
israel and the palestinian authority have signed a deal supplying the palestinian territories with electricity from the jewish state , the israeli infrastructure minister said monday .
british prime minister tony blair on monday called his turkish counterpart recep tayyip erdogan over the deadly twin bomb attacks against two synagogues in istanbul at the weekend , erdogan 's office said .
austrian railroad workers said they would strike again if talks with the government on splitting the national railroad into four separate companies broke down .
wall street giant morgan stanley will pay ## million dollars to settle charges that failed to <unk> stanley received monetary incentives -- in the form of ` shelf space ' payments -- to sell particular mutual funds to its customers , '' said sec enforcement chief stephen cutler .
the russian orthodox church is suspending its relations with the episcopalians , the us wing of the anglican church , over the <unk> of openly gay bishop gene robinson , the patriarchate said monday in a statement .
a muslim cleric and his assistant , both yemenis nabbed in a sting in germany on suspicion of links with the al-qaeda network , have been extradited to the united states and face arraignment monday , authorities said .
the us state department has summoned the ambassadors to the united states from most nations in the middle east for a monday briefing on plans for iraq 's transition to self-rule , officials said .
four russian servicemen including three officers faced murder charges monday for last year 's deaths of six chechen civilians , in one of the rare military trials held during the four-year war in the caucasus republic .
turkey called again monday for a united international effort to combat terrorism and slammed unnamed nations for shedding `` crocodile tears '' over the deadly bombings on two istanbul synagogues at the weekend .
european <unk> crumbled monday , with the london ftse ### index down #.## percent at #,###.# at the close of trading .
hundreds of members of a new iraqi police force held demonstrations monday in central baghdad demanding several months of wages they said had not been paid .
the european union agreed monday to set up a new defense agency next year to streamline and boost the bloc 's military muscle , denying it will in any way compete with nato despite some us concerns .
leaders of ## central and eastern european countries gather in warsaw from thursday for their last summit before the european union 's eastwards expansion next year , a polish official said monday .
oil prices nudged downwards on monday as dealers took some profits following strong gains the previous week on the back of worries about iraq and terrorism .
a former french defense minister and the current spokesman for the country 's ruling party went on trial in paris monday accused of money-laundering and raising illegal party funds .
<unk> 's investors service upgraded the rating outlook on credit suisse monday to stable from negative due to a big improvement in its profitability .
a jury on monday found accused washington sniper john allen muhammad guilty of murder and terrorism , both of which possibly carry the death penalty .
ivory coast 's former rebels said monday after talks with togo 's president gnassingbe eyadema that they are committed to restoring peace in the world 's top cocoa producer , the president 's office said .
the washington post co. said monday that it was considering its options after conrad black 's hollinger group signalled its flagship daily telegraph of london could be on the sale block .
us stocks went into a slide monday as security concerns pummeled stocks around the globe following weekend terrorist attacks in turkey that heightened fears about al-qaeda .
un secretary general kofi annan said monday he was considering how the united nations could help iraq set up a new government after the united states agreed to a faster handover of power in baghdad .
the family of a french un worker killed by suspected taliban in southeast afghanistan will arrive in kabul on wednesday , a un official said .
zimbabwe police warned the country 's main labor body monday against holding planned nationwide anti-government protests , saying they were illegal and would be crushed .
two of the world 's most famous violins , once the property of the italian composer paganini , are due in russia 's second city of saint petersburg to be played in a music festival next week , officials with the local philharmonia said monday .
police and fire services converged on buckingham palace on monday after a lone female protester climbed to the top of the front gate to protest us president george w. bush 's state visit to britain .
more than ### sierra leoneans who fled to neighboring guinea during the brutal decade-long war here are to return home next week , the un refugee agency said monday .
wall street giant morgan stanley will pay ## million dollars to settle charges that it failed to make adequate disclosures to customers buying mutual funds , the securities and exchange commission said monday .
russia 's fugitive tycoon boris berezovsky accused moscow prosecutors of being behind a swiss probe into his activities to check whether money has been laundered in the country .
foreign investment in romania in the post-communist era since #### reached the milestone of ## billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion euros -rrb- in september , the govenment 's foreign investment office said monday .
holland have brushed off concerns that midfielder andy van der meyde will miss wednesday 's second leg of the euro #### playoff against scotland after he fainted during a television interview .
the un-backed war crimes court for sierra leone on monday released a book to help teach citizens about the process by which people will be tried for crimes against humanity during the decade-long civil war .
the un refugee agency has halted road trips throughout afghanistan and will review its program to help afghans return home following the murder of a french worker , the unhcr said on monday .
the european union monday welcomed the adoption of a draft constitution in afghanistan saying it stood ready to back the war-scarred nation in its fraught transition to democracy .
poland and ukraine will sign an agreement on integrating the odessa-brody pipeline with the polish system and transporting oil from the caspian sea through poland on november ## , the polish infrastructure ministry said on monday .
the euro lost ground against the dollar here monday as traders , despite fears of future terrorist attacks , decided to cash in on early gains .
european stock markets suffered heavy losses monday as a sell-off on wall street and weekend terrorist attacks in turkey gave investors the jitters .
unions and austrian airlines reached a compromise over painful cost-cutting plans at the national carrier on monday , warding off a threatened pilot 's strike , the company 's ceo said .
great britain center keith senior is out of the third ashes test against australia after undergoing surgery on a hand injury suffered in saturday 's second test .
police and fire services converged on buckingham palace on monday after a lone female protester climbed to the top of its front gate to protest us president george w. bush 's state visit to britain .
two us soldiers were killed and two others wounded in two separate attacks north of baghdad monday , a us military spokesman said .
germany 's foreign minister joschka fischer on monday welcomed us moves to speed up the handover of power in iraq as `` an important step '' after meeting secretary of state colin powell .
skirmishes between police forces and anarchist demonstrators marred a largely peaceful demonstration in downtown athens on monday commemorating a bloody #### student uprising against greece 's former military junta .
president mohammad khatami for the first time monday expressly recognized the us-backed interim governing council saying it was `` capable , '' with the people , of running the country and leading it toward independence .
top ivory coast rebel leader guillaume soro is due in accra tuesday for a meeting with ghana 's president john kufuor to discuss the power struggle crippling the world 's top cocoa producer , his new forces party said here monday .
newcastle stars kieron dyer and jonathan woodgate have ended their injury spells and could force their way back into bobby robson 's squad ahead of saturday 's match against manchester city .
the split between the united states and europe over iran 's nuclear program widened on monday as us secretary of state colin powell said an eu evaluation that tehran had been `` honest '' with the un 's atomic watchdog had gone too far .
experts from african countries gathered here monday for a two-day meeting to thrash out ways of solving africa 's crippling foreign debt problem .
spain midfielder joaquin sanchez has hit out at the defensive tactics of norway as the teams prepare to meet in oslo on wednesday in the second leg of their euro #### playoff .
france called on its european union partners monday to adopt an initiative aimed at helping an estimated two million african cotton producers who have been hurt by government subsidies accorded their rivals in developed countries .
un secretary general kofi annan said monday he was considering how the united nations could help iraq set up a new government after the united states agreed to a faster handover of power in baghdad .
the ailing airline swiss said monday its net loss more than doubled to ### million swiss francs -lrb- ### million euros , ### million dollars -rrb- in the three months to september from the previous year due to massive restructuring costs .
israel 's prime minister ariel sharon confirmed late monday he intended to hold talks `` in the next few days '' with his palestinian counterpart ahmed qorei .
president mohammad khatami for the first time monday expressly recognized the us-backed interim governing council , after meeting with jalal talabani , a senior iraqi kurdish leader and current chair of the us-appointed body .
italy late monday said it would deport a radical muslim leader who warned of the possibility of terrorist attacks in italy , on the grounds that he posed a threat to public security , the interior ministry said .
a federal court on monday started hearing the latest bid by john hinckley , who shot president ronald reagan in #### , to get unsupervised release from a mental hospital where he has been since #### .
former ivory coast rebels locked in a power struggle with president laurent gbagbo on monday declared a state of emergency in areas they control and accused the president of preparing to attack them .
china has given the african union -lrb- au -rrb- ###,### us dollars towards its peace fund , an au press statement said late monday .
movie star arnold schwarzenegger was monday sworn in as the ##th governor of the us state of california with a solemn oath that lasted barely one minute .
a us federal appeals court heard challenges monday to the detention without trial of jose padilla , a us citizen suspected of plotting a radioactive bomb attack with al-qaeda .
verizon communications said monday ##,### workers have accepted voluntary buyouts , a move that will reduce the company 's workforce by almost ## percent .
five people were killed , and a woman gravely wounded , following a lethal shootout at a nightclub in cali , colombia 's third largest city , local authorities said monday .
south african president thabo mbeki arrived in france monday for a three-day state visit -- the latest phase of a robust foreign policy agenda that has earned him status on the world stage but jeers at home .
former ivory coast rebels locked in a power struggle with president laurent gbagbo on monday declared a state of emergency in areas they control and accused the president of preparing to go to war .
french president jacques chirac on monday reiterated his support for an overhaul of the un security council , insisting after talks with south african president thabo mbeki that africa should have more of a say .
president george w. bush emphasised monday that the united states has no imminent plan to leave iraq , despite its moves to speed up the transfer of sovereignty .
movie star arnold schwarzenegger was monday sworn in as the ##th governor of the us state of california in a simple ceremony that he loaded with weight-lifting metaphors .
an underground islamic fundamentalist group claimed responsibility monday for attacking a us helicopter and an american military convoy in iraq in a tape broadcast on a private lebanese television station .
iranian president mohammad khatami for the first time monday expressly recognized the us-backed interim governing council in iraq , after meeting with jalal talabani , a senior iraqi kurdish leader and current chair of the us-appointed body .
the long-delayed trial of namibian suspects accused of treason and secession was adjourned monday to ## january next year , media reported .
the european union 's executive commission said monday it would carry out a far-reaching investigation into a hostile bid by us software producer oracle to acquire the business software programmer peoplesoft .
three iraqis were killed and at least four wounded monday when us troops fired on shoppers at a baghdad market , witnesses and relatives of the casualties said .
israel will renew contact with the eu middle east envoy , whom the jewish state had boycotted since he met with palestinian leader yasser arafat in october , foreign minister silvan shalom said monday .
shares of newspaper group hollinger international surged monday after the company said it has hired an investment bank to explore a possible sale , among other options .
gary neville has called for conciliatory talks with the football association to prevent controversies over the selection of players from ever happening again .
israel will renew contact with the eu middle east envoy whom the jewish state had boycotted since he met palestinian leader yasser arafat in october , foreign minister silvan shalom said monday .
seven people were killed , and a woman gravely wounded , following a lethal shootout at a nightclub in cali , colombia 's third largest city , local authorities said monday .
two northern iraqi pipelines went ablaze in northern iraq on monday , following an explosion and a rocket-propelled grenade -lrb- rpg -rrb- attack , as a fire struck a natural gas pipeline in the same area , official us and iraqi sources said .
the united nations has suspended operations in southern and eastern afghanistan after the killing of a french un worker and a string of attacks on un targets , a spokeswoman said monday .
oil prices nudged downwards on monday as traders took some profits following strong gains the previous week and shook off worries about iraq and terrorism .
texas rangers shortstop alex rodriguez was on monday named american league most valuable player for the first time despite his team finishing in last place .
sven-goran eriksson has hailed wayne rooney as england 's ` player of the year ' and said everton 's teenage sensation has exceeded all expectations .
another two american soldiers were killed in iraq as the us military said monday they had killed six suspected saddam hussein loyalists in battle against escalating violence in the war-torn country .
great britain coach david waite has ruled out handing five international rookies their chance to win a cap against australia in the third and final ashes test .
travelers property casualty and st. paul companies said monday they are <unk> create one of the nation 's largest and strongest property and casualty insurers , '' fishman said in a statement .
one member of an iraqi pro-american group was killed and two wounded monday in a drive-by shooting on their offices in the south baghdad district of dora , police said .
food rations for iraqis , which for years have been funded by the un 's oil-for-food program , will continue until june , a us official said here monday .
a muslim cleric and his assistant , both yemenis nabbed in a sting in germany on suspicion of funneling funds to the al-qaeda network , appeared in us federal court monday , following their extradition to the united states .
the dollar was mostly higher monday as investors locked in some of the recent gains of other currencies , shrugging off heightened terrorism concerns .
anti-war demonstrators have been given permission to stage a march past parliament and government ministries in central london , against us president george w. bush 's visit to britain , protesters said monday .
the ailing airline swiss said late monday its net loss more than doubled to ### million swiss francs -lrb- ### million euros , ### million dollars -rrb- in the third quarter from last year due to huge restructuring costs , but added that it saw fairer skies ahead .
wall street giant morgan stanley agreed monday to pay ## million dollars to settle charges that it failed to disclose fees and commissions used to steer customers to certain mutual funds .
carolina hurricanes left wing jeff daniels , who spent ## seasons in the national hockey league , on monday announced his retirement .
all air cargo craft flying us airspace will be subject to the same random searches as passenger flights , the department of homeland security announced monday .
canadian cyclist genevieve jeanson on monday denied taking the endurance-boosting drug erythropoietin -lrb- epo -rrb- after her former doctor admitted administering it to her .
pop princess britney spears on monday became the youngest-ever music icon ever to be honored with a star on hollywood 's prestigious walk of fame .
stan kasten , the first person to serve as president of three major american professional sports teams at the same time , resigned monday as president of the atlanta braves , hawks and thrashers .
share prices in tokyo opened marginally higher tuesday with the nikkei-### index gaining #.## points or #.## percent to #,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
a detachment of ### portuguese military police arrived in nasariyah in southern iraq on monday to take part in the international stabilisation force , according to portuguese journalist carlos <unk> , traveling with them after being freed by hostage-takers .
the us supreme court declined monday to review the case of a mexican national sentenced to death who claims he did not get consular assistance , drawing an unusual dissent from two justices who accused the court of ignoring international law .
boring england are killing rugby and the sport is struggling to free itself from the clutches of a six nations-led tactical disease of <unk> , <unk> play .
england are back atop the international rugby board -lrb- irb -rrb- world rankings following their world cup semi-final win over france .
russian president vladimir putin and italian prime minister silvio berlusconi praised the results of their <unk> summit which ended in controversy after berlusconi defended russia on contentious issues such as the war in chechnya and the yukos affair .
fixtures for euro #### play-offs , second leg matches on wednesday .
french flanker serge betsen was facing a lengthy ban from rugby after being cited for allegedly kicking england scrum-half matt dawson in the head during their world cup semi-final defeat on sunday .
troubled philippine utility <unk> water services inc. has won a court order barring creditors from foreclosing on its assets , its parent firm said tuesday .
france captain fabien galthie said here tuesday he is to return home earlier than scheduled following the death of an uncle .
us secretary of state colin powell left for europe late monday in an effort to head off new rifts in transatlantic relations and ease lingering us-european strains over iraq .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
turkish investigators claimed a major breakthrough in finding those behind the weekend truck bombings at istanbul synagogues , as the country 's jewish community prepared to bury their dead on tuesday .
us secretary of state colin powell is due in brussels tuesday for talks with his european counterparts likely to be dominated by iraq and iran .
two more us soldiers were killed in iraq as the us military said it killed six suspected saddam hussein loyalists in battle against escalating violence in the war-torn country .
italians began a day of mourning tuesday , preparing to pay their final respects at a massive state funeral here to ## italians killed in a truck bombing in iraq .
a private eye to hollywood stars such as michael jackson and elizabeth taylor surrendered to justice monday but refused to co-operate with a probe into the alleged bugging of celebrities .
australian flagship airline qantas said tuesday it had accepted the resignation of director trevor kennedy whose home was raided last week as part of an investigation by the financial regulator .
ariel sharon meets italian prime minister silvio berlusconi here tuesday , with the israeli prime minister in uncompromising mood following european and vatican criticism of his policy on jewish settlements and the building of a security barrier in the west bank .
small colourful fish are disappearing from the reefs of vanuatu owing to surging demand for tropical aquarium fish prompted by the hit cartoon movie finding nemo , australian radio reported tuesday .
australia struck the first blow ahead of their world cup final against england here on saturday by winning the toss for the home dressing room at the olympic stadium .
the international rugby board -lrb- irb -rrb- has named a short-list of five players for its player of the year award to be announced on sunday , a day after the world cup final .
hollywood star michael douglas is to receive a prestigious lifetime achievement award from the organisers of the golden globe awards , the same gong his father kirk douglas won ## years ago .
the international monetary fund said tuesday that an economic recovery is on its way in south korea where growth is expected to reach #.## percent next year .
china 's fixed asset investment in october rose ##.# percent from the same month last year but the growth rate was the lowest in #### , the national bureau of statistics said tuesday .
us funnyman steve martin will take the role of bungling french detective inspector clouseau in a revival of the `` pink panther '' movies made famous by peter sellers , producers said monday .
the dollar was stuck in a narrow range against the yen on tuesday as investors turned cautious following a #.##-percent plunge in japanese shares the day before , dealers said .
british police mounted a huge security operation tuesday for the start of an unprecedented state visit by us president george w. bush , amid fears of a terrorist attack and with anti-war campaigners planning massive street protests .
two people were killed when a violent storm swept a motorboat carrying ## passengers and crew aground on russia 's far eastern peninsula of kamchatka , local emergency ministry officials said early tuesday .
shares of china yangtze power co , the listing arm of china 's massive three gorges dam project , rose more than ## percent on their listing on the shanghai stock exchange tuesday .
france and new zealand chose different approaches in naming their sides tuesday for the world cup third-place playoff game with the all blacks naming a full-strength side and france sending out the reserves .
the united states said tuesday that a free trade agreement should not be the `` <unk> and end-all '' of its relationship with new zealand and denied that it required new zealand to re-examine its anti-nuclear policy .
oil prices slumped in asia on tuesday after overnight losses on wall street triggered by profit-taking , dealers said .
us president george w. bush has selected a prominent texas oil industry lobbyist with close ties to the bush family to become the new us ambassador to saudi arabia , the white house announced monday .
philippine share prices closed flat tuesday , with investors staying on the sidelines monitoring developments as political manoeuvring continues to pick up ahead of the may presidential election , dealers said .
approved foreign investment in indonesia rose sharply in the first ten months of this year to #.## billion dollars from #.## billion a year earlier , the national investment coordinating board said in a report seen tuesday .
ten people were arrested in vietnam for taking part in an illegal motorbike race around the streets of the capital , traffic police said tuesday .
hong kong shares fell #.## percent in morning trade on tuesday following continued losses on wall street , dealers said .
two israelis were killed when palestinian gunmen opened fire along a west bank road near the southern entry to jerusalem early tuesday , israeli military radio reported .
hundreds more police have been sent to a district in indonesia 's sulawesi island where sectarian tension has risen following the weekend murder of three christians , police said tuesday .
results from the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on tuesday .
philippine share prices closed flat tuesday , with investors staying on the sidelines monitoring developments as political manoeuvring continues to pick up ahead of the may presidential election , dealers said .
police in the indonesian capital said tuesday they had shot dead three suspected drug traffickers , including a chinese citizen .
australian shares closed little changed tuesday on the main indices but the broader market was weaker after further losses on wall street amid concerns over possible fresh terrorist activity , dealers said .
thai customs officials said tuesday they had confiscated ### pangolins sent from malaysia and believed destined for china in their second major seizure of the scaly <unk> in less than a week .
australia 's aristocrat leisure slumped ## percent tuesday after the world 's second largest slot machine manufacturer issued its fourth profit warning of calendar #### .
a japanese bullet train driver is being investigated for snapping pictures from his cellphone and emailing them to his girlfriend while on the job , reports and the train company said tuesday .
a thai minister on tuesday accused indonesian navy and marine police of corruption for demanding bribes from thai fishermen operating in indonesian waters .
cambodia has deported a ##-year-old us national to the united states where he will face trial on child sex offences allegedly committed here , police and us embassy officials said tuesday .
a malaysian man who sought treatment for swelling in his eye had a shock when doctors found a six centimetre length of <unk> embedded just beneath his brain , reports said tuesday .
former us president bill clinton is to visit india later this week to bolster efforts to prevent and control hiv and aids , sources said tuesday .
financial secretary henry tang warned tuesday that hong kong 's unemployment problem is structural and still had to be resolved despite recent falls in the jobless rate amid a post-sars economic revival .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday , shaking off the overseas malaise to close in positive territory , dealers said .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent lower in modest trade tuesday , extending their losses after a further downturn on wall street overnight and a foreign investor sell-off , dealers said .
parents of ## teenagers slain in a shocking serial murder case in central china revealed tuesday how their desperate pleas for police to find their missing sons fell on deaf ears .
four thai muslims accused of belonging to the jemaah islamiyah -lrb- ji -rrb- terrorist group and plotting a series of attacks on foreign embassies and tourist spots in the kingdom went on trial here tuesday , officials said .
australian shares closed little changed tuesday on the main indices but the broader market was weaker after further losses on wall street amid concerns over possible fresh terrorist activity , dealers said .
a former vietnamese refugee was jailed tuesday over a multi-million dollar scam to defraud one of australia 's largest banks using stolen cheques .
the saudi government has welcomed the us agreement with iraq 's interim governing council to accelerate the handover of power , the official spa news agency reported tuesday .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday , shaking off overseas malaise to close in positive territory , with the market 's leading stocks showing the way , dealers said .
new zealand cricket -lrb- nzc -rrb- put aside security threats tuesday to confirm it would tour pakistan this month , but a week later than originally scheduled .
indonesia 's two largest islamic groups are spearheading a national anti-corruption campaign to counter an alarming degree of public apathy towards graft , muslim leaders said tuesday .
kevan barlow raced ## yards for a score and fred beasley scored on ##-yard touchdown toss as the san francisco ##ers posted a ##-## national football league triumph over the pittsburgh steelers on monday .
president gloria arroyo said tuesday that philippine troops stationed in iraq would be pulled out swiftly if the security situation threatened their safety .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent lower in modest trade tuesday , extending their losses after a further downturn on wall street overnight and a foreign investor sell-off , dealers said .
adam oates , one of the nhl 's top playmakers has signed a one-year contract with the edmonton oilers .
an increasingly energy hungry china was warned tuesday it must strengthen measures to minimize accidents highlighted by a major oil spill on shanghai 's huangpu river this year .
britain 's sovereignty over remote pitcairn island in the middle of the pacific ocean was challenged in court here tuesday by a lawyer representing several islanders facing sex charges , including rape and indecent assault .
australia ended new zealand 's world cup campaign in the semi-finals because they were <unk> on the night than the all blacks , flyhalf carlos spencer said here on tuesday .
president gloria arroyo said tuesday that philippine troops stationed in iraq would be pulled out swiftly if the security situation threatened their safety .
wellington , nov ## -lrb- afp -rrb- - two new zealand scientists were credited tuesday with inventing a label that traces the ripening of fruit so shoppers can choose whether to buy produce that is ready to eat immediately or in a few days .
iranian foreign minister kamal kharazi has offered renewed assurances to visiting iraqi governing council chairman jalal talabani that iran will not not interfere in iraq 's affairs , the state news agency irna said tuesday .
canadian steve nash recorded his first career triple-double as the dallas mavericks placed five in double figures en route to a ###-## triumph over the portland trail blazers .
un secretary general kofi annan on tuesday asked wealthy nations to donate three billion dollars in #### to save ## million lives in ## countries .
a soldier from the us #st armoured division patrolling the baghdad region has died of a `` non-hostile gunshot wound '' , coalition ground forces said tuesday .
authorities in the violence-hit northeast indian states of assam and bihar urged calm tuesday after around ## people were injured ethnic clashes between people of the two provinces .
indian deputy prime minister lal krishna advani tuesday defended a cabinet colleague who resigned after allegedly accepting a bribe .
malaysia 's manufacturing sales in september grew ##.# percent year-on-year , its fastest pace in six months , to breach the ## billion ringgit -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- mark for the first time in three years , economists said tuesday .
vodafone reported tuesday a ##-percent rise in six-month profit driven by strong customer growth and raised its cash return to shareholders with a sweetened dividend and share buyback program .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld branded north korea `` evil '' tuesday for spending money on weapons while starving its people .
pakistan 's powerful islamist political alliance on tuesday defied a new government ban on renamed militant groups and vowed to support a banned shiite organization within its alliance .
indonesian buses , trains , planes and ships are expected to carry almost ## million passengers before and after this month 's eid al-fitr holiday marking the end of ramadan , a minister said tuesday .
manchester united manager alex ferguson is sueing his club 's biggest shareholders in a row over the ownership of a record-breaking racehorse .
hong kong and chinese officials will sign a memorandum of understanding permitting individuals to conduct yuan denominated business in the territory from january next year , hong kong leader tung chee-hwa said tuesday .
pakistani police said tuesday they have launched a hunt for an <unk> whose threatening message to new zealand cricketers jeopardised their tour to pakistan .
chinese shares prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday as investors sold off existing stocks to buy newly listed china yangtze power co. , dealers said .
eight palestinians were wounded early tuesday as israeli troops backed by helicopters staged an incursion into the southern gaza strip town of rafah , palestinian security and medical sources said .
martin johnson is england 's standard-bearer on the field his predecessor as skipper lawrence dallaglio said here on tuesday .
sri lanka 's squabbling president and prime minister tuesday named a panel of officials to work out differences between the two of them on `` national issues , '' a joint statement said .
japanese electronics makers casio and hitachi announced an agreement tuesday to tie up in the development and production of mobile phones at home and overseas .
shares of china yangtze power co , the listing arm of china 's massive three gorges dam project , closed up nearly ## percent percent on their trading debut on the shanghai stock exchange tuesday .
hong kong gold prices closed lower on tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
england are n't in the world cup final just to wipe the smile off the faces of their opponents australia , no. # lawrence dallaglio said here on tuesday .
a sudanese cargo plane exploded while preparing to land at wau airport in southern sudan , killing all ## people aboard , omdurman radio reported tuesday .
england captain michael vaughan won the toss and elected to bat in the first one-day international against sri lanka here on tuesday .
nick farr-jones , who skippered australia to the world cup over england in the #### twickenham final , says england are right to pitch their game on getting jonny wilkinson into kicking positions .
the troubled german holding company wcm has received an offer for its #.#-percent stake in commerzbank at slightly above the price it originally paid , wcm chairman roland flach said in a newspaper interview tuesday , igniting speculation about a possible takeover of the bank .
a sudanese cargo plane exploded while preparing to land at wau airport in southern sudan , killing all ## aboard , state-run omdurman radio <unk> tuesday .
us secretary of state colin powell arrived in brussels tuesday for talks with his european union counterparts likely to be dominated by iraq and iran .
hundreds of thousands of italians lined the streets of rome to pay their last respects tuesday to the ## victims of the nasiriyah bombing as their coffins wrapped in the national flag were borne through the city in a slow moving cortege of military trucks .
england fly-half star jonny wilkinson has revealed the england soccer captain david beckham has been calling regularly on his cell phone during the rugby world cup to offer encouragement .
british no-frills airline easyjet said tuesday it had won a seven-percent increase in annual pre-tax profits despite challenges such as the global economic downturn and the iraq war .
bayern munich and germany 's opinionated captain oliver kahn has vowed to cut down on his outbursts in the media claiming he needs to focus on his goalkeeping duties .
test paceman jason gillespie made an encouraging comeback after injury here tuesday , capturing two wickets as a strong new south wales side collapsed for ### in a sheffield shield game .
epcos , the german maker of electronic components , said its new business year , begun in october , had got off to a good start after it managed to return to profit last year .
england football superstar david beckham has provided welcome relief for england 's talismanic kicker jonny wilkinson during the world cup , the latter revealed on tuesday .
us auto giant general motors -lrb- gm -rrb- tuesday introduced its environmentally-friendly fuel cell technology to china , hoping to sound out the government on a multi-billion dollar commitment to set up infrastructure for the fledgling technology .
china said tuesday it is preparing legislation to ban tobacco advertising after it signed on to a united nations anti-smoking treaty that is likely to hit the nation 's tobacco producers hard .
iraq 's interim leadership is to seek a fresh un resolution endorsing the new swifter , handover of power agreed with the us-led coalition , a senior official here said tuesday .
ethiopia is seeking united nations help in marketing its grain and coffee to improve competitiveness in the global market , a government official said late monday .
taiwan said tuesday it had lodged a protest against the top us envoy to taipei for allegedly calling the island 's decision to buy eight conventional submarines `` silly '' .
british-based mobile phone giant vodafone reported tuesday a ##-percent rise in six-month profits driven by strong customer growth , results the company hailed as `` outstanding '' .
bangladesh put another #,### police on the streets of dhaka and stepped up security in other major cities ahead of the upcoming muslim festival eid al-fitr , an official said tuesday .
australian captain ricky ponting won the toss and elected to bat against india in the tri-series one-day cricket final before some ###,### fans at the eden gardens here on tuesday .
test paceman jason gillespie made an encouraging comeback after injury here tuesday , capturing two wickets as a strong new south wales side collapsed for ### in a sheffield shield game .
hong kong and china will sign a breakthrough agreement allowing local banks to offer yuan-denominated services to individuals in the territory , hong kong leader tung chee-hwa said tuesday .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said tuesday that clues uncovered in the investigation of the istanbul synagogue bombings suggest a link with the al-qaeda network .
the british government will sponsor a two-day conference in jordan in december on the reconstruction of war-torn iraq and business opportunities in the occupied country , according to organisers .
malaysian share prices closed marginally higher tuesday in mixed and volatile trade amid a general lack of leads , dealers said .
marschollek , lautenschlaeger und partner , a leading german private finance group , said tuesday that it was sticking to its full-year profit forecasts after earnings surged in the third quarter .
new regional carrier athena air services on tuesday launched flights from malaysia 's senai airport to jakarta and surabaya , the airport 's operator said .
bangladeshi lawmakers failed to find a wheelchair , a stretcher or even the parliament 's ambulance after an mp passed out during the session , a government minister said tuesday .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said tuesday that clues uncovered in the investigation into the istanbul synagogue bombings suggest a link with the al-qaeda network .
indonesian shares closed #.## percent lower tuesday with most investors hesitant to take positions before the week-long eid al-fitr holidays starting next monday , dealers said .
sheikh ali bin <unk> <unk> , a well-known saudi cleric who aired extremist views , has repented and withdrawn religious edicts and support for ## al-qaeda suspects following a deadly suicide bombing in riyadh .
hong kong shares closed #.## percent higher tuesday as bank shares were boosted by news in mid-afternoon that the city 's banks will soon be able to offer personal yuan banking services , dealers said .
aston villa outcast mustapha hadji has revealed his interest in a move to german club hertha berlin after being deemed surplus to requirements at villa park .
us forces let loose a new barrage of fire in the northern flashpoint town of tikrit overnight , which a spokesman said tuesday aimed to demonstrate the trooops ' capabilities .
british foreign secretary jack straw had strong words tuesday for european <unk> who he said were indulging in `` gratuitous and condescending criticism '' of the united states , a country that was `` absolutely critical to our security and prosperity .
european stock markets gained in early trade on tuesday despite yet another fall on wall street as investors chose to take succor from a late pull-back of us losses and some positive company news .
us troops killed five `` international terrorists '' during a clash with militants in insurgency-hit southeast afghanistan , a us military spokesman said on tuesday .
honiara , nov ## -lrb- afp -rrb- a solomon islands cabinet minister appeared in court here tuesday charged with assaulting a new zealand policewomen and causing actual bodily harm , court officials said .
president gloria arroyo said tuesday that philippine troops stationed in iraq would be pulled out swiftly if the security situation threatened their safety .
at least ## separatist rebels were killed in a clash between two rival groups in india 's restive northeastern state of manipur , officials said tuesday .
the bank of china , one of the country 's four big state banks , opened retail gold trade services in shanghai tuesday , state press reported .
ling ling , the only giant panda at tokyo 's ueno zoo , will try his luck in the mating game on his home turf after failing to impregnate female pandas in mexico city on three missions in the past three years .
the european union called on israel tuesday to stop building a security fence along the west bank warning it would only worsen the plight of the palestinians .
indonesian shares closed #.## percent lower tuesday with most investors hesitant to take positions before the week-long eid al-fitr holidays starting next monday , dealers said .
myanmar 's pro-democracy parties called tuesday on the military government to begin a sincere dialogue on political reform , saying it was the only path to peace and national reconciliation in the country .
olympic champions serbia and montenegro and european silver medallists france faced unexpectedly tough african challenges in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on tuesday .
under rainy leaden skies , jews came together in a high-walled cemetery in istanbul on tuesday to bury six victims of the bomb attacks that tore through two synagogues in the ancient city at the weekend .
russia on tuesday criticised the united states ' `` excessive '' tendency to use force and said the violence raging in iraq had confirmed it was right in opposing the us-led toppling of saddam hussein .
e. on , germany 's biggest power supplier , said tuesday it has sold its ##.##-percent stake in the <unk> regional utility <unk> to rival firm ewe for ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- .
dresdner bank , the banking arm of insurance giant allianz , is reviewing various options for its latin american unit dresdner bank <unk> ag -lrb- <unk> -rrb- unit , a spokesman said on tuesday .
the thai stock market fell #.## percent tuesday as investors stood on the sidelines waiting for a clear stance from regulators who are adjusting trade rules to curb speculation , analysts said .
iraq 's interim leadership said tuesday that it would seek un endorsement of the new swifter handover of power agreed with the us-led coalition , as us troops pounded home the message that there would be no let-up in their battle against the resistance .
finland 's flag carrier finnair reported on tuesday a return to profit in the third quarter , but maintained that its full-year result would remain in red because of the overall weak economic outlook .
the new leader of britain 's main opposition conservatives , michael howard , set out his stall in front of sceptical business leaders here tuesday , accusing the labor government of suffocating companies with excessive regulations .
work resumed tuesday at the saint-nazaire shipyard in western france where on saturday ## people were killed in an accident on the newly-built passenger liner the queen mary # .
the french current balance of payments surplus was halved in the first nine months of the year to ##.# billion euros -lrb- ##.## billion dollars -rrb- , the bank of france said on tuesday .
malaysian share prices closed marginally higher tuesday in mixed and volatile trade amid a general lack of leads , dealers said .
south african president thabo mbeki was tuesday due to meet french prime minister jean-pierre raffarin and address france 's lower-house national assembly on day two of his three-day state visit .
two veterans of armed basque separatist group eta , one a former priest , have received long jail terms for their involvement in the #### killing of three policemen , judicial sources said tuesday .
two israelis killed by a palestinian gunman at a military checkpoint early tuesday in the southern west bank were soldiers , the commanding officer of israeli forces in the west bank said .
four thai muslims accused of belonging to the jemaah islamiyah -lrb- ji -rrb- terrorist group and plotting attacks on foreign embassies and tourist spots in thailand went on trial here tuesday , officials said .
british luxury goods retailer burberry reported tuesday a ##-percent rise in pre-tax profits over the past six months as the company 's famous <unk> goods continued their global march .
swiss farmers will once more be allowed to export cows to the european union , the government said tuesday , following a decision by ministers from the ##-nation bloc to lift a ban imposed when the mad cow crisis erupted in #### .
more than ##,### supporters of georgia 's president eduard shevardnadze marched on the parliament building in the capital tuesday in a rally intended as a counterweight to opposition calls for him to resign .
indian stocks closed #.## percent lower tuesday on profit booking as expected foreign fund buying failed to materialise , brokers said .
norwegian police have opened an inquiry into a serb refugee living in norway whose extradition croatia has sought after convicting him of warcrimes , the justice ministry said tuesday .
rubber prices in singapore were lower tuesday on higher volumes , dealers said .
the pilot of a german airliner accidently set off a major security alert in the skies over rome on tuesday during preparations to land at ciampino airport as a tense italy buried its dead from the nasiriyah bombing .
inflation in zimbabwe gained more than ## points last month and now stands at a record annual rate of ###.# percent , the government said tuesday .
the wife of a french tv cameraman who <unk> during the iraq war expressed disappointment tuesday after us secretary of state colin powell refused to meet her personally to discuss the issue .
fears that britain 's economy could be overheating were allayed slightly tuesday as official figures showed that annual underlying inflation fell to a <unk> low of #.# percent during october .
the world health organisation confirmed tuesday that ## people who died recently in northwestern congo had been infected with the ebola virus and ### more people were under surveillance in case they developed the highly infectious disease .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra demanded in a cabinet meeting tuesday that the stock exchange of thailand -lrb- set -rrb- seek measures to curb share trading manipulation , government spokesman sita <unk> said .
britain and the united states have agreed to launch a review of how to boost transatlantic trade by tearing down barriers , british chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown announced tuesday .
the european union complained tuesday at the lack of any progress in a long-running dispute with israel over trade in goods made by settlers living on occupied palestinian land .
pakistan on tuesday announced a revised itinerary for the new zealand cricket tour after postponing the series by one week in the wake of threats of violence .
ireland dispatched a ###-strong advance party to liberia on tuesday to pave the way for the deployment of a un peacekeeping force in the war-shattered west african state .
vfb stuttgart coach felix magath has revealed that he will try and sign kaiserslautern striker miroslav klose should the club lose the services of star marksman kevin kuranyi .
just days after the deadly synagogue attacks in istanbul , the city 's main courthouse was the scene of a dramatic but brief hostage drama on tuesday as kurdish protestors held several judges captive before being overpowered by turkish riot police .
opec member kuwait is likely to <unk> a major contract aimed at boosting its oil export capacity to three million barrels per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- , a senior executive said in comments published tuesday .
the thai stock market fell #.## percent tuesday as investors stood on the sidelines waiting for a clear stance from regulators who are adjusting trade rules to curb speculation , analysts said .
pakistan 's powerful islamist alliance defied tuesday a <unk> groups fighting indian rule in kashmir , and <unk> , formerly violent sunni muslim outfit <unk> , were also banned saturday .
british demonstrators angry at anglo-american policy over iraq said they will topple thursday a giant home-made statue of george w. bush in london 's trafalgar square during a protest march against his three-day state visit .
asian stock markets rebounded modestly on tuesday as investors went bargain-hunting on dips after losses on wall street amid terrorism concerns .
the un refugee agency is suspending aid for afghan refugees returning home from pakistan following the killing of a french staff member in south-eastern afghanistan , a spokesman said on tuesday .
portugal 's cash-strapped government will open a tender tuesday for the sale of its ##-percent stake in mining firm <unk> , which operates europe 's largest copper mine , as part of a privatization drive .
oil prices fell further in somewhat featureless trading on tuesday , despite continued nervousness about the possibility of further terrorist attacks .
aston villa outcast mustapha hadji is on trial at german club hertha berlin as he looks to win a move from villa park having fallen out of favor under manager david o'leary .
the sale of the renowned la fayette collection of classic french stamp errors fetched #.## million euros and broke two world records , organisers said tuesday .
india 's ruling hindu nationalists tuesday opened their regional election campaign on the defensive about corruption after a cabinet member resigned for allegedly accepting a bribe .
england crashed against a steady sri lanka attack to be shot out for their second-lowest total in the first one-day international here on tuesday .
the amount of undeclared earnings in lithuania accounts for between ##.# and ##.# percent of the baltic country 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- , the national department of statistics said on tuesday .
unemployment in slovenia slipped in september to ##.# percent from ##.# percent a the previous month , slovenia 's statistical office reported on tuesday .
world champions australia made ###-# from ## overs after electing to bat in the tri-series final against india in front of some ###,### fans at the eden gardens here on tuesday .
the trial of ## people accused of negligence in the fire that killed ### people in november #### in a mountain train in a tunnel in the austrian alps resumed in salzburg tuesday after a year-long suspension .
a firm which until recently managed ukraine 's internet services plans to contest a court ruling approving the government 's transfer of internet management to the security services , the interfax news agency reported tuesday .
the supreme court on tuesday affirmed with finality its decision awarding to the philippine government nearly ### million dollars in swiss bank funds formerly controlled by the late dictator ferdinand marcos .
a new delhi court tuesday ordered the city to speed up the deportation of bangladeshis who live illegally in the indian capital .
estonia was teetering on the brink of a government crisis after prime minister juhan parts told junior coalition partner the people 's union on tuesday that it had ## hours to withdraw its protest against the government budget plan .
hundreds of taxis blocked central warsaw on tuesday in their latest protest against measures requiring them to install new meters designed to keep better tabs on their income .
three men faced a berlin court tuesday charged with illegally bringing ## east european women into germany allegedly to serve as prostitutes for the rich and famous .
india restricted world champions australia to ###-# from ## overs despite dropping five catches in the tri-series one-day final at the overflowing eden gardens here on tuesday .
president george w. bush left for britain early tuesday , where he will hold urgent talks on iraq with prime minister tony blair and become the first us president ever to make a state visit to the country , officials said .
president george w. bush left for britain early tuesday , where he will hold urgent talks on iraq with prime minister tony blair and become the first us president ever to make a state visit to the country .
supporters of us president george w. bush 's visit to britain ought to speak up and make their voices heard alongside those of protesters , british prime minister tony blair 's spokesman said tuesday .
pakistan 's latest anti-extremist drive has resulted in the closure of more than ### offices of militant organizations banned at the weekend , but no arrests , senior officials said tuesday .
eurozone consumer prices eased in october to #.# percent over ## months from #.# percent the previous month , official eu figures released tuesday showed .
heavy firing and explosions were heard tuesday near the headquarters of the indian army in kashmir 's summer capital srinagar , witnesses said .
once a separatist guerrilla renowned for his marksmanship , <unk> will stand thursday for another term leading the northeastern indian state of mizoram as an ally of new delhi and an advocate of peace through dialogue .
israeli fighter bombers violated southern lebanese airspace tuesday for the second time in three days , sending hezbollah anti-aircraft guns into action , police said .
three anti-globalisation protestors , detained for alleged rioting during an eu summit in northern greece last june , have been hospitalised in athens as their health deteriorated after more than one month on hunger strike , medical sources said tuesday .
thailand 's bid to qualify for next year 's asian cup finally got off the ground here after three false starts with a #-# win over hong kong .
a group of ### iraqi refugees arrived home tuesday after ## years in exile at a desert camp in saudi arabia , the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- said .
borislav jovic , the last president of federal yugoslavia before its break-up , told the un war crimes court here tuesday that slobodan milosevic had `` absolute authority '' in serbia during the ####s .
germany 's governing party tuesday issued a thinly-veiled criticism of us tactics on iraq , voicing its `` deep concern '' over the consequences of the war to oust saddam hussein .
israeli parliamentary speaker reuven rivlin said tuesday that suspected bombers involved in the istanbul synagogue attacks were turkish nationals with links to afghanistan and iran .
us inflation at the consumer level was in check in october , the government said tuesday , reporting the consumer price index unchanged while the core rate , excluding food and energy , was up #.# percent .
norwegian police have opened an inquiry into a serb refugee living in norway croatia wants extradited after convicting him of war crimes , the justice ministry said tuesday .
wales manager mark hughes must decide just how adventurous he is going to be as he prepares his side for the country 's most important match in ## years .
sri lanka dismissed england for their second-lowest total of ## to win the first one-day international by ## wickets here on tuesday .
israeli foreign minister silvan <unk> invited his belgian counterpart tuesday to visit israel , as the two men sought to put behind them a two-year chill sparked by a controversial belgian law .
islamic rebels attacked tuesday a police camp near the headquarters of the indian army in kashmir 's summer capital srinagar , setting off a fierce gun battle , officials and witnesses said .
spain coach inaki saez risks his job when his side defends a #-# lead over norway in their euro #### play-off here wednesday .
scotland 's #### world rally champion colin mcrae will fulfil a lifetime dream when he competes in the paris-dakar rally for the first time next year .
work resumed tuesday at the saint-nazaire shipyard in western france where on saturday ## people were killed in an accident on the newly-built passenger liner the queen mary # .
home depot 's quarterly earnings jumped ## percent from a year ago to #.### billion dollars , the home-improvement retailer said tuesday , beating the wall street forecast .
iraq 's interim leadership said tuesday it will seek un endorsement of the new swifter handover of power agreed with the us-led coalition , as us troops pounded home the message of no let-up in their battle against the resistance .
turkish police stormed istanbul 's main courthouse on tuesday to end a siege by about ## kurdish protestors demanding the release of jailed kurdish rebel leader abdullah ocalan .
in a historic meeting aimed at reconciling a decades-old split in the russian orthodox church , patriarch alexy ii met tuesday with church representatives from abroad .
us stocks regained footing at tuesday 's open after losses in six of the past seven sessions , as a strong profit and earnings outlook from home depot and a broker upgrade of general electric improved sentiment .
danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen on tuesday urged the international community to get involved in the stabilization and reconstruction of iraq and to help combat terrorism and fundamentalism .
an armenian court tuesday sentenced the brother of a slain opposition leader to ## years in prison for ordering last year 's murder of armenia 's state media committee chief .
london 's mayor ken livingstone voiced support tuesday for protests against us president george w. bush 's state visit to britain this week , but urged demonstrators to avoid violence .
two veterans of armed basque separatist group eta , one a former priest , have received long jail terms for their involvement in the #### killing of three policemen , court sources said tuesday .
the un refugee agency tuesday withdrew foreign staff from insurgency-hit southern and eastern afghanistan and halted aid to refugees returning from pakistan following the murder of a french un worker by suspected taliban .
the number of companies that go bankrupt in germany next year will reach a new record of around ##,### , the credit insurer <unk> hermes <unk> predicted on tuesday .
chelsea captain marcel desailly insisted tuesday that nothing would persuade him to stay on at stamford bridge after his contract finished in #### .
interior minister giuseppe pisanu has ordered the expulsion of seven north africans suspected of links with islamic extremism , the ministry said tuesday , amid heightened security in italy following the bombing of its troops in iraq .
hertha berlin defender arne friedrich has confirmed that bayern munich have made an enquiry about his services and revealed that his future would be decided in the winter break .
in another sign of fallout from the mutual fund scandals , pension giant calpers has announced it is withdrawing some #.# billion dollars from fund giant putnam investment management .
fortum , finland 's state-controlled energy group , on tuesday went ahead with a controversial decision to take a ##-percent stake in a new nuclear reactor , set to become operational by the end of the decade .
egyptians will vote on december ## to elect new lawmakers in ## seats after several parliamentary deputies were forced to resign following the discovery they had skipped military service , the interior ministry said on tuesday .
the supreme court of massachusetts issued a landmark ruling tuesday in favor of gay marriage , arguing that barring gay couples from the <unk> of civil marriage was `` unconstitutional .
israel 's defense minister shaul mofaz voiced scepticism tuesday about the chances of the new palestinian government acting against the armed factions with veteran leader yasser arafat retaining control of the security services .
the head of mozambique 's national electoral commission appealed tuesday for the southeast african country 's municipal elections to be held in a spirit of peace and harmony .
us secretary of state colin powell said tuesday the united states was being `` tested '' in iraq but <unk> to win a war pitting american forces against insurgents .
the un refugee agency tuesday withdrew foreign staff from insurgency-hit southern and eastern afghanistan and halted aid to refugees returning from pakistan following the murder of a french un worker by suspected taliban .
us conglomerate honeywell said tuesday it won a four million dollar contract for automation systems for oilfield operations in china .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei is to travel to gaza city wednesday for talks with armed factions as part of a campaign designed to secure a halt to anti-israeli attacks , aides said .
four russian tourists and two egyptians were killed tuesday in a road accident near the red sea resort of hurghada , police said .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei is to travel to gaza city wednesday for talks with armed factions as part of a campaign designed to secure a halt to anti-israeli attacks , sources close to the premier said .
from rwanda to afghanistan bettina goislard , the young french woman murdered on sunday by suspected taliban , was a `` tireless '' aid worker , according to tributes from senior officials at the un refugee agency -lrb- unhcr -rrb- .
spanish economic growth is on course to meet the government 's #.# percent forecast for #### but might fall short of an expectation for #### of #.# percent , the international monetary fund said tuesday while also warning about booming housing prices .
russian prime minister mikhail kasyanov will visit tokyo next month for talks with japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi and other top officials , japan 's embassy in moscow said on tuesday .
reinsurance giant munich re said tuesday it was selling #.# million shares in german insurer allianz in a move that analysts said could help restore munich re 's credit rating .
foreign minister ahmed maher dismissed <unk> remarks by a leading right-wing israeli member of parliament as carrying `` no weight .
in a landmark ruling likely to spark a divisive national debate , the massachusetts supreme court declared tuesday that barring gay and lesbian couples from marrying was `` unconstitutional .
iraqi shiite officials accused us forces on tuesday of allegedly killing three people and wounding four others after opening fire in the shiite-populated baghdad district of sadr city .
orders placed with companies in the german manufacturing sector rose more sharply than originally thought in september , revised data published by the bundesbank on tuesday showed .
united nations police in kosovo said tuesday they had arrested three people in a massive operation to tackle a suspected organised crime network .
the austrian government said tuesday it was to protest plans by the czech republic to expand a controversial nuclear plant that lies just ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- across the border from austria .
the authorities in strasbourg , eastern france , have threatened to rescind a building permit for a new city mosque if muslim leaders there fail to fulfil a number of `` republican '' principles .
livorno have received a one-match stadium ban as punishment for the behavior of a section of their fans who taunted the carabinieri police on sunday after a minute 's silence in memory of the ## italian victims of the nasiriyah bombing .
us secretary of state colin powell said tuesday he hoped that un chief kofi annan would appoint a new special envoy to iraq soon , to help speed the transfer of power to iraqis .
a us trade panel has ruled that american textile makers have been hurt by a flood of subsidized chinese imports , opening the door to quotas or other barriers , officials said tuesday .
islamic jihad is ready to meet with palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei and discuss a suspension of suicide bombings , the hardline group 's leader told afp tuesday .
prime minister jean chretien announced tuesday he will leave office on december ## , allowing prime minister-designate paul martin to ascend to the office .
india 's election commission threatened tuesday to bar the main opposition congress party from upcoming regional elections over its leader sonia gandhi 's use of an official helicopter for campaigning .
canadian and us diplomats tuesday officially handed over voter registration kits to afghan election officials who are preparing for next year 's presidential polls .
the united states on tuesday condemed maoist rebels in nepal following the assassination of the most senior military officer to be killed during a seven-year insurgency .
ryan giggs was on tuesday cleared to play for wales by uefa , european football 's governing body , in their crucial euro #### play-off against russia in cardiff on wednesday .
serbia 's ruling dos coalition will meet for possibly the last time tuesday night after its humiliating failure in the weekend 's aborted presidential election , a top official said .
moldova tuesday welcomed a plan proposed by russia settle the simmering conflict between chisinau and its breakaway region of transdniestr .
un secretary general kofi annan on tuesday launched an international appeal to raise three billion dollars to save ## million people whose lives are threatened by war and natural disasters .
a us trade panel has ruled that american textile makers have been hurt by a flood of subsidized chinese imports , opening the door to quotas or other barriers , officials said tuesday .
in a bid to improve his country 's democratic credentials to enable it to join the european union , president stipe mesic of croatia said tuesday all citizens were free to return home and recover the assets they abandoned in the ####-## war leading to nationhood .
ryan giggs was on tuesday cleared by uefa to play for wales in their crucial euro #### play-off against russia in cardiff on wednesday .
turkey 's broadcasting watchdog rtuk on tuesday gave the green light for radio and television stations to air programs in the kurdish language , a key reform required by the european union which ankara is seeking to join .
foreign minister ahmed maher on tuesday dismissed a leading israeli politician 's rejection of egyptian efforts to secure a truce with the palestinians and expressed new hope for reviving the peace process .
the ukrainian parliament tuesday passed the first reading of a bill banning publication -- including on the internet -- of anything that promotes terrorism , the overthrow of the state or damages an individual 's reputation .
in a landmark ruling likely to spark a divisive national debate , the massachusetts supreme court declared tuesday that barring gay and lesbian couples from marrying was `` unconstitutional .
oil prices nudged upwards on tuesday in largely directionless trading as a spate of profit-taking ran out of steam and traders began pondering upcoming weekly data for us energy stocks .
the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- urged albania on sunday to halt political infighting , warning it could jeopardize the country 's integration with the european union .
the european commission called on germany tuesday to cut its public deficit to below the <unk> ceiling set by strict eurozone budget rules by #### and by more than so far planned next year .
world champions australia defeated india by ## runs in the final of the triangular one-day cricket series at the eden gardens here on tuesday .
germany wants to reach a common solution with the european commission on bringing its public deficit back into line with eu limits , finance minister hans eichel said tuesday .
britain 's sports minister richard caborn , in sydney for saturday 's world cup final between australia and england , has been summoned home for a crucial parliamentary vote on health service reform , the government said tuesday .
india 's ruling hindu nationalists tuesday opened their regional election campaign on the defensive about corruption after a cabinet member resigned for allegedly accepting a bribe .
several thousand people gathered in the eastern croatian town of vukovar on tuesday to commemorate the ##th anniversary of its fall to serb forces at the outbreak of the ####-## conflict .
germany wants to reach a common solution with the european commission on bringing its public deficit back into line with eu limits , finance minister hans eichel said tuesday .
us shares struggled higher tuesday after an upbeat outlook from home depot and an upgrade of general electric helped wall street attempt to pull out of a tailspin that has seen losses in six of the prior seven sessions .
a series of powerful explosions was heard late tuesday in the iraqi capital , afp correspondents reported .
danish tycoon maersk mc-kinney moeller on tuesday said he will resign next month as chairman of a.p. moeller-maersk , the company founded by his father , at the ripe old age of ## .
european stock markets turned in a mixed performance on tuesday , with the london ftse ### index gaining #.## percent to end the day at #,###.# .
european commission president romano prodi promised tuesday to shake up his administration following reported financial improprieties at the agency that provides key data for the european union 's economic and social planning .
the struggling italian automaker fiat auto has been given a shot in the arm with the designation of its panda model as car of the year for #### .
the european court of human rights tuesday heard ## catalans who alleged that spanish officials tortured them in prison after they were arrested in a sweep against `` terrorism .
four staff working for a swiss-based international aid agency have gone missing in western sudan 's troubled darfur region , the organization , <unk> , said on tuesday .
wto chief supachai panitchpakdi warned of `` danger '' tuesday if countries failed to commit themselves to making progress before a key meeting december ## to revive global trade talks , while the european union indicated more time might be needed to achieve real headway .
a deafening salvo of nearly ## rounds from a <unk> launcher was heard across iraq 's capital late tuesday , hot on the heels of an initial barrage of heavy weapons fire , afp correspondents reported .
iraqi police tuesday arrested four suspected islamic militants as they prepared to fire mortar rounds at a us base near the northern oil center of kirkuk , a city official said .
russian premier league side kazan , who finished third in their first season in the first division , signed two czech footballers from slavia prague for two million euros , the club reported tuesday .
four hindi-speaking people were killed tuesday as separatist rebels in india 's northeastern state of assam mounted pressure on migrant workers to leave the region , the police said .
a truth and reconciliation commission -lrb- trc -rrb- set up to investigate sierra leone 's brutal ##-year civil war said tuesday it would present its final report in january .
leeds midfielder jody morris was on tuesday rearrested by police investigating an alleged serious sex assault .
britain tuesday threw its heavyweight backing behind demands by poland to retain a powerful say in eu decision-making in the bloc 's first constitution .
the popular front for the liberation of palestine-general command -lrb- pflp-gc -rrb- claimed responsibility for a west bank attack tuesday in which two israeli soldiers were killed , in a statement received here .
arnold schwarzenegger tuesday began governing california with a `` <unk> '' legislative attack on the state 's gaping deficit and boosting its business climate .
croatian prime minister ivica racan hailed the un war crimes court 's indictment tuesday of croatian serb leader milan babic over atrocities against croats between #### and #### .
british national pride took a blow tuesday just ahead of president george w. bush 's arrival in britain with the news that the makers of one of the nation 's favorite breakfast cereals is being bought by a us group .
the popular front for the liberation of palestine-general command -lrb- pflp-gc -rrb- claimed responsibility for a west bank attack tuesday in which two israeli soldiers were killed , in a statement received here .
a daughter of us vice president dick cheney plans to quit her government job with the state department in december , where she worked on middle east affairs , to join the political campaign seeking to reelect her father and president george w. bush .
a deafening salvo of nearly ## rounds of air-launched cannon fire was heard across the iraqi capital late tuesday , hot on the heels of an initial barrage of heavy weapons fire , afp correspondents reported .
greek and french officials denied tuesday that athens #### olympics organisers athoc wanted to scrap french signs in the games ' venues to cut the ballooning costs of staging the games .
former finance minister paul martin will take over as canada 's prime minister on december ## , outgoing prime minister jean chretien announced tuesday .
tens of thousands of italians were to march against terrorism on wednesday in three cities in tuscany at the center of recent police operations to counter a resurgence of left-wing extremism .
paris , nov ## -lrb- afp -rrb- - french airline air france , which is preparing an alliance with dutch carrier klm , reported a fall in quarterly profits tuesday and said it was stepping up measures to cust costs in order to meet its full-year #### performance target .
wada president dick pound said tuesday that football 's world governing body fifa is finally set to accept the world anti-doping agency 's new anti-doping code .
all-rounders michael clarke and ian harvey were unlikely stars in australia 's ##-run win over india in the triangular one-day cricket series final here on tuesday .
germany 's jewish community has asked an animal rights group to drop a poster campaign with photographs from a slaughterhouse and nazi death camps and a caption that refers to the `` holocaust in your plate '' .
us secretary of state colin powell left brussels tuesday bound for london to join president george w. bush on a state visit to britain , an airport spokesman said .
the thunder of hooves will replace the clatter of studs at the stade de france if a daring scheme to hold a one-off race meeting at the #### world cup venue becomes reality .
the syrian and lebanese presidents bashar al-assad and emile lahoud held coordination talks here tuesday amid threats from israel and the united states , the syrian news agency sana reported .
the french medical charity medecins sans frontieres -lrb- msf -rrb- , on tuesday warned of increased risk of malaria in southern sudan because of heavy rains following on a severe drought .
bosnia 's hopes of concluding an agreement with the eu in #### that would bring full european integration a step closer were given a boost on tuesday when the european commission , the block 's executive , approved a crucial feasibility study .
the us economy may be on the verge of a sustainable expansion , robert parry , the president of the san francisco federal reserve bank , said tuesday .
injured ac milan striker filippo inzaghi said tuesday he was hoping to be fit in time for his side 's crunch champions league first phase match away to ajax next week .
in a landmark ruling likely to spark a divisive national debate , the massachusetts supreme court declared tuesday that barring gay and lesbian couples from marrying was `` unconstitutional .
monaco coach didier deschamps on tuesday had a request for their league match against lens on saturday to be switched to friday night turned down by a french league appeals committee .
european stock markets limped lower as the strength of the euro and a lacklustre opening on wall street kept investors from putting money into stocks .
south african president thabo mbeki on tuesday called on the developed world to work with african nations to help the world 's poorest continent along the path to democracy and economic prosperity .
wto chief supachai panitchpakdi warned of `` danger '' tuesday if countries failed to commit themselves to making progress before a meeting on december ## to revive global trade talks , while the european union indicated more time might be needed to achieve real headway .
police and prosecutors on tuesday launched a search raid on pop icon michael jackson 's ranch `` neverland '' in california , officers said , declining to give the reason for the swoop .
the euro surged to a five-month high against the dollar here tuesday , taking advantage of a us currency weakened by news that washington might slap restrictions on chinese textile imports .
the presidents of kenya , tanzania and uganda are to sign a customs pact at the end of the month , a major step towards economic integration of the region , an official said tuesday .
the presidents of kenya , tanzania and uganda are to sign a customs pact at the end of the month , a major step towards economic integration of the region , an official said tuesday .
the greek government unveiled a #### budget bill tuesday marked by booming growth fuelled by record public investment in preparations for the upcoming olympic games .
israeli foreign minister silvan shalom said tuesday that construction of a security fence along the west bank could come to a halt if peace were to be reached between the jewish state and the palestinians .
the un world food program -lrb- wfp -rrb- said tuesday it has negotiated contracts for enough food to keep feeding much of the iraqi population until june despite the ending of the oil-for-food program that has shielded millions from hunger since #### .
india 's fast bowler <unk> salvi has been ruled out of the upcoming tour of australia due to a shoulder injury , the cricket board announced here on tuesday .
us secretary of state colin powell rejected tuesday a european union proposal to deal with iran 's suspect nuclear program as `` just deficient '' .
serbia and montenegro needs to entrench political stability to attract much-needed investment , international donors said tuesday in the wake of an abortive presidential election in serbia at the weekend .
police and prosecutors ' investigators on tuesday swooped on pop icon michael jackson 's `` neverland '' ranch in california , officers said , declining to give the reason for the search .
liberia 's interim chairman gyude bryant was to continue his fence-mending <unk> will come from the other side into liberia either , '' he said after meeting gbagbo in the ivorian economic capital abidjan in august .
the euro surged to an all-time record against the dollar tuesday , hitting #.#### dollars at #### gmt in new york trade .
israel 's prime minister ariel sharon met his italian counterpart silvio berlusconi for talks here late tuesday during which he was expected to press more coordinated international cooperation against terrorism , officials said .
danish tycoon maersk mc-kinney moeller on tuesday said he would resign next month as chairman of a.p. moeller-maersk , the company founded by his father , at the age of ## .
the united states said tuesday it was opening free-trade negotiations colombia , peru , ecuador and bolivia .
a czech airlines -lrb- csa -rrb- plane en route from prague to new york had to make an emergency landing in iceland late tuesday after receiving a bomb threat , czech private television nova reported .
us president george w. bush will make no announcement on disputed us tariffs on steel imports during his state visit to britain , a senior white house official said tuesday .
an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale hit an area near samar island in the philippines early wednesday , the hong kong observatory said .
time warner 's board of directors was set to meet this week amid speculation it was considering offers for its warner music division with the music industry landscape shifting quickly .
greek football hooligans shouting slogans against the athens #### olympics will face criminal charges under new legislation proposed by the greek ministry for sports .
moldova tuesday welcomed a plan proposed by russia settle the simmering conflict between chisinau and its breakaway region of transdniestr .
us president george w. bush arrived at london 's heathrow airport on tuesday to begin a state visit to britain , the first ever by an american leader .
us president george w. bush arrived at london 's heathrow airport on tuesday to begin a state visit to britain , the first ever by an american leader .
crude oil futures surged past ## dollars thursday for the first time since ahead of the iraq war , with the light sweet crude in new york jumping #.## dollars to ##.## dollars a barrel .
chess grandmaster garry kasparov drew the fourth and final game tuesday of his contest against the virtual reality supercomputer `` x#d fritz , '' leaving the series drawn at two points apiece .
anti-globalisation groups will gather in the greek capital to protest against the #### athens olympics a few weeks before they begin , a leading activist told afp on tuesday .
a ukrainian soldier deployed in southeastern iraq as part of the us-led international stabilisation forces on tuesday committed suicide , ukraine 's defense ministry said .
mcdonald 's corp. said tuesday it is planning to change the ##-year-old chicken mcnuggets formula to improve its nutritional value as part of its broader efforts to offer consumers healthy menu items .
the local representative of the iraqi education ministry in the southern iraqi province of diwaniyah was shot dead by gunmen , iraqi officials said tuesday .
parliamentary elections in russia on december # have attracted virtually no campaigning and evoked little interest on the part of the electorate -- and that , for some political experts , is an indication that the fix is in .
the united nations should have a strong role in iraq 's reconstruction , and that such a role should not be limited to humanitarian relief , german foreign minister joschka fischer said tuesday .
parliamentary elections in russia on december # have attracted virtually no campaigning and evoked little interest on the part of the electorate -- and that , for some political experts , is an indication that the fix is in .
americans think the investment climate has improved from a year ago , but still are n't willing to plunge into the stock market , according to a survey released tuesday .
french police on tuesday arrested two suspected basque separatists after a car chase in southwestern france , officials said .
the new leader of turkey 's main kurdish rebel group gave his backing tuesday to ## kurdish demonstrators who briefly seized istanbul 's main courthouse before it was stormed by turkish riot police .
us president george w. bush is to lay out his vision for global peace , democracy and multilateralism in a keynote speech wednesday during his state visit to britain , a white house official said .
the top us securities regulator vowed tuesday to take strong action against those responsible for abuses in mutual fund trading , and announced a new risk assessment office to stay on top of scandals .
governor arnold schwarzenegger began his reign of california tuesday by announcing he would go directly to the people to approve laws to balance the state 's huge budget deficit .
chess grandmaster gary kasparov drew the final game tuesday of his <unk> showdown with virtual reality supercomputer `` x#d fritz , '' leaving the match and honors shared at two points apiece .
rwanda and the un tribunal trying alleged ringleaders of the #### genocide in rwanda must find a compromise over alleged <unk> crimes by the former rebel tutsi-dominated rwandan patriotic front -lrb- rpf -rrb- now ruling rwanda , a senior us official said tuesday .
belgium and the united states buried the hatchet on tuesday , putting months of diplomatic tensions brought on by the iraq war behind them , foreign minister louis michel said .
wada president dick pound hit out tuesday at the `` disappointing '' attitude of the united states after washington said it was reducing its financial contribution to the world anti-doping body .
media tycoon conrad black , who has been forced to resign as chief executive of his hollinger international group , said on tuesday he committed no wrongdoing when he pocketed millions of dollars in unauthorised company payments .
the united states said on tuesday that a new un security council resolution on iraq 's accelerated transition to self-rule could be a `` possibility , '' but officials underlined the us is not actively seeking such a measure .
the new us ambassador to afghanistan , zalmay khalilzad , tuesday gently urged pakistan to deliver more help in stemming cross-border terrorist attacks .
the deputy leader of burundi 's rebel movement , the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- , the only group still fighting the government , has resigned , the fnl said on tuesday .
the imf said tuesday that china 's currency does not appear `` substantially undervalued '' and that a currency change would probably have little impact on global trade imbalances .
us president george w. bush tuesday condemned the decision by massachusetts ' highest court that would allow same-sex marriages .
nasa said tuesday that it was considering a resumption of space shuttle flights late next year .
the massachusetts supreme judicial court ruled tuesday that barring gay couples from marrying was unconstitutional , prompting a vow by president george w. bush to defend the `` sanctity '' of heterosexual marriage .
the massachusetts supreme judicial court ruled tuesday that barring gay couples from marrying was unconstitutional , prompting a vow by president george w. bush to defend the `` sanctity '' of heterosexual marriage .
us president george w. bush tuesday condemned the decision by massachusetts ' highest court that would allow same-sex marriages .
chile has recalled its ambassador to venezuela after venezuelan president hugo chavez suggested revising the outcome of a war that lost bolivia its access to the sea , chilean foreign minister soledad alvear announced tuesday .
a high-powered us congressional trio is warning texas-based cosmetics giant mary kay inc. to stand up to china 's demands that sales associates swear not to join the banned falungong spiritual group .
republic of ireland coach brian kerr paid tribute to the skills of damien duff after the chelsea winger produced a brilliant solo goal in a #-# win over canada at lansdowne road on monday .
us forces pounded insurgent positions with mortar fire for a third consecutive night tuesday just outside ousted president saddam hussein 's <unk> of tikrit , a flashpoint of anti-coalition violence .
a us federal judge tuesday rejected moves by us homemaking icon martha stewart to have two of the criminal counts against her dismissed , prior to her trial on charges arising from an insider trading scandal .
us president george w. bush is to lay out his vision for global peace , democracy and multilateralism in a keynote speech wednesday during his state visit to britain , a white house official said .
the canadian grand prix has been saved after a brewer agreed to help make up the lost revenue from a local ban on tobacco sponsorship .
the euro surged to an all-time high against the dollar tuesday as the greenback was routed by fears that growing us protectionist sentiment could hurt currency flows and undermine global trade .
barry bonds of the san francisco giants set another major league baseball record on tuesday when he was named national league 's most valuable player for the third straight year .
the orlando magic , in the midst of their longest losing streak in more than a decade , fired coach doc rivers and replaced him tuesday with assistant johnny davis .
every us soldier shipping out to iraq , afghanistan or kuwait faces a painful leave-taking , but in the case of one mexican-american , red tape is making it doubly difficult .
senior us and canadian drug officials agreed tuesday to share information about the cross-border trade in prescription drugs .
a late selloff pushed us stocks lower for a fourth straight session tuesday as a spike in oil prices , a plunging dollar , geopolitical tensions and the mutual fund scandal weighed on wall street .
the first human trial of a vaccine designed to prevent ebola infection began tuesday in the united states , the national institutes of health announced .
the boeing company said tuesday it had landed a a ###.# million dollar contract to launch three additional global positioning system -lrb- gps -rrb- satellites for the us air force .
canada said tuesday it had introduced a draft un resolution accusing iran of sweeping human rights violations , adding to the international pressure on tehran 's islamic regime .
al baxter takes over from injured prop ben darwin in the only change to the wallabies ' starting team for the world cup final against england in sydney on saturday .
al baxter takes over from injured prop ben darwin in the only change to australia 's starting team for the world cup final against england in sydney on saturday .
england coach clive woodward brought back mike tindall for bath team-mate mike catt in naming his side wednesday for saturday 's world cup final against australia .
australian transport group patrick corp. posted a ##.# jump in net profit for the year to september wednesday , buoyed by high-flying discount airline virgin blue .
england and australia both made one change wednesday to their starting line-ups for the world cup final here on saturday .
share prices in tokyo opened lower wednesday with the nikkei-### index losing ##.## points or #.## percent to #,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi and his cabinet resigned en masse wednesday morning in a formality ahead of their expected reinstatement later in the day , a cabinet official said .
england and australia both made one change wednesday to their starting line-ups for the world cup final here on saturday .
lefthander ted lilly , who was one of the most effective starters in the game in the second half of #### , on tuesday was traded by the oakland athletics to the toronto blue jays for outfielder bobby kielty and a player to be named .
animal rights activists said wednesday they had sabotaged a shipment of live sheep destined for muslim countries in the middle east by giving the sheep feed that included pig meat .
the euro surged to an all-time record high against the dollar wednesday , hitting #.#### dollars around #.## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- in tokyo trade , a foreign exchange dealer said .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
after playing a career-high ## games last season , new york rangers center eric lindros landed back on injured reserve monday .
for the first time since the spring invasion , us forces strafed central baghdad from the air as the administration of president george w. bush raised the possibility of a new un resolution to help its handover of power to iraqis .
bonzi wells was suspended for two games without pay and stripped of his <unk> by the portland trail blazers one day after cursing at coach maurice cheeks .
the euro surged to an all-time record high against the dollar wednesday , hitting #.#### dollars around #.## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- in tokyo trade , a foreign exchange dealer said .
hong kong share prices fell #.## percent in opening trade wednesday after the decline on wall street , dealers said .
the euro surged to an all-time record high against the dollar wednesday , hitting #.#### dollars around #.## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- in tokyo trade , a foreign exchange dealer said .
the fiji rugby union -lrb- fru -rrb- is expected to make public next week an explanation on fiji 's poor performance at the rugby world cup in australia , the government owned daily post said wednesday .
the new york mets have fired bill singer less than a week after he directed anti-asian remarks at a chinese-american working in the front office of the los angeles dodgers .
a british newspaper said wednesday it had uncovered a serious breach of security at buckingham palace , the royal residence in london where us president george w. bush is staying during his state vist to britain .
france 's parliament approved changes to the country 's asylum laws overnight tuesday , introducing stricter rules for would-be immigrants and slashing the time taken to process their claims .
a five-year-old child was killed by a falling wall when an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale hit the island of samar in the eastern philippines early wednesday , officials said .
philippine president gloria arroyo on wednesday vowed to hunt down a gang of kidnappers who murdered a coca-cola executive .
most of bmw 's first batch of chinese-made luxury sedans have been denied license plates due to erroneous data provided on engine specifications and weight , the company said wednesday .
vanuatu prime minister edward natapei dropped the francophone union of moderate parties -lrb- ump -rrb- from his governing coalition in a wide-ranging cabinet reshuffle wednesday .
the south korean embassy in afghanistan has been evacuated following an warning it could be the target of a suicide bombing attack , the foreign ministry said wednesday .
church leaders wednesday released a set of guidelines on sexual misconduct among priests , months after scandals involving two bishops rocked the predominantly catholic philippines .
us president george w. bush was to pledge his commitment to multilateralism while defending the need at times to `` use force to defend the peace '' in a key speech wednesday during his visit to britain .
the south korean embassy in afghanistan has been evacuated following an warning it could be the target of a suicide bombing attack , the foreign ministry said wednesday .
creditors of lg group plan to extend two trillion won -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in emergency loans to help its credit card unit overcome a financial crisis , bankers said wednesday .
taiwan is planning to spend ### billion taiwan dollars -lrb- ##.## billion us dollars -rrb- over the next five years on various public infrastructure projects in a bid to bolster the island 's economy , a cabinet official said wednesday .
sri lanka 's parliament was set to reopen for the first time wednesday since a hostile president sacked three ministers and suspended the legislature for two weeks , officials said .
philippines merchandise imports in september fell #.# percent from a year earlier on lower orders for raw materials from the electronics industry , the government said wednesday .
police chiefs from around the south pacific will meet in australia next week to discuss the threat of terrorism , australian police said wednesday .
oil prices were lower in asia on wednesday after overnight gains ahead of us inventory data to be released later in the day , dealers said .
president george w. bush was set to defend the us invasion of iraq in a key speech wednesday during the first full day of his state visit to britain .
taiwan 's push for formal independence is crossing beijing 's red line and risks triggering a war , a senior chinese official was quoted as saying wednesday .
south korean police were on alert wednesday as tens of thousands farmers were gearing up for protest rallies against trade liberalization here .
drownings , traffic and other accidents kill ###,### children in china every year , becoming the top cause of death for chinese youngsters , state media said wednesday .
a panel of prominent us politicians and educators on tuesday decried what it called `` america 's ignorance of outside world , '' arguing that americans ' reluctance to study foreign civilizations could eventually become a threat to national security .
sri lanka 's parliament resumed sessions wednesday after a two-week suspension ordered by a hostile president who sacked three ministers plunging the country in a political crisis , an official said .
five people , including an overseas vietnamese man who had lived in australia , were executed in vietnam 's southern business capital of ho chi minh city , court officials said wednesday .
us envoy james kelly headed into talks wednesday with china 's leaders as he seeks consensus on a second round of six-party negotiations on north korea 's nuclear program .
thai airways international said wednesday it had fixed the price for this month 's ### million share offering at ## baht -lrb- #.## dollars -rrb- per share .
philippine shares closed #.## percent lower wednesday in thin trade as investors retreated to the sidelines to await developments in the political front , with sentiment further undermined by weak regional bourses , dealers said .
china on wednesday strongly protested a decision by the united states to impose quotas on chinese textile imports , with beijing accusing washington of violating wto principles of free trade .
china on wednesday strongly protested a decision by the united states to impose quotas on chinese textile imports , with beijing accusing washington of violating wto principles of free trade .
sri lanka 's parliament wednesday ruled as illegal the president 's suspension of the assembly two weeks ago and said it will disregard any future attempt to disrupt the legislature .
a french tourist was shot dead in a robbery in the thai town of kanchanaburi , famous as the location of the film `` bridge over the river kwai '' , police and embassy officials said wednesday .
median housing prices in new zealand jumped a record #.# percent in october , the real estate institute said wednesday .
hong kong shares fell #.## percent in morning trade on wedneday led by continued losses on wall street , dealers said .
vietnam airlines will begin flights to frankfurt with a stop-over in moscow in early january using its recently acquired boeing ###-###er aircraft , a company spokesman said wednesday .
sri lanka 's parliament reopened wednesday and ruled the president 's suspension of the assembly two weeks ago was illegal , saying it would disregard any future attempt to disrupt the legislature .
thai airways on wednesday set the price for a major offering this month at ## baht -lrb- #.## dollars -rrb- per share and said it would use the funds to upgrade aircraft and regain its status as a leading asian airline .
australian share prices closed up #.## percent wednesday , recovering from an early downturn as investors shrugged off losses on wall street overnight and backed the banking sector , dealers said .
disappointed all black coach john mitchell has no <unk> against world cup conquerors australia saying he would like to see them win against england in saturday 's final .
the south korean government will auction off its entire #.#-percent stake in kookmin bank , the country 's largest commercial bank , in december , the ministry of finance and economy said wednesday .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent lower in modest trade wednesday as foreign investors continued on the sell side after further losses on wall street overnight , dealers said .
indonesian police said wednesday they have arrested a businessman in connection with a loan fraud involving #.# trillion rupiah -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- .
chinese supermarket chain wumart stores inc. said wednesday it has raised ###.## million hong kong dollars -lrb- ##.## million us -rrb- from a heavily oversubscribed initial public offering -lrb- ipo -rrb- to list in hong kong .
new zealand share prices hit a four and a half year high wednesday , closing up #.## percent , dealers said .
new zealand wednesday expanded its working holiday scheme to cover up to #,### more young people from overseas .
new zealand share prices hit a four and a half year high wednesday , closing up #.## percent , dealers said .
australian share prices closed up #.## percent wednesday , recovering from an early downturn as investors shrugged off losses on wall street overnight and backed the banking sector , dealers said .
an indian policeman was killed and six others injured in a fierce gunbattle between indian troops and islamic militants near the army headquarters in kashmir , police said wednesday .
new zealand warned wednesday it could use legal action to prevent a british rower making a third attempt to cross the fearsome southern ocean after he was plucked to safety from his crippled boat .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent lower in modest trade wednesday as foreign investors continued on the sell side after further losses on wall street overnight , dealers said .
japanese researchers say they have uncovered a previously unidentified species of whale , a discovery that is extraordinarily rare on a planet where more and more large mammal species are at risk of extinction .
the euro hit a record high against the dollar wednesday on growing concerns that protectionist sentiment in the united states may prompt heavy selling of us assets , dealers said .
australian olympic shooting gold medallist michael diamond has failed in a bid to get his gun license back pending a court hearing for allegedly assaulting his former girlfriend , police said wednesday .
french secretary of state for foreign affairs renaud muselier will thursday meet prime minister helen clark and foreign affairs minister phil goff , the latter said in a statement .
ireland 's syd millar was elected unopposed here wednesday as chairman of the international rugby board -lrb- irb -rrb- which governs the sport worldwide .
the dodo , an <unk> indian ocean bird which became a synonym for extinction when it died out some ### years ago , probably survived nearly three decades beyond the date commonly given for its disappearance , scientists believe .
mongolian prime minister nambaryn enkhbayar on wednesday arrived in north korea , state media said .
four people died and two were missing after a swedish military helicopter crashed into the sea off the southwestern port of goeteborg late on tuesday , the swedish army said in a statement early on wednesday .
australian justice minister chris ellison began a two-day visit to east timor wednesday , saying australia wanted to see the young country remain secure after the withdrawal of a un support mission next year .
the gulf emirate of dubai is to release ### prisoners as a `` gesture '' from the ruler sheikh maktoum bin rashid al-maktoum for the muslim holy month of ramadan , the official wam news agency reported wednesday .
disappointed all blacks coach john mitchell and skipper reuben thorne hold no <unk> against world cup conquerors australia saying they would like to see them win against england in saturday 's final .
south korea 's ailing microchip giant , hynix semiconductor , said wednesday it has filed a petition with an eu court to protest steep european duties imposed on its chips .
kenyans went to the polls early wednesday to fill two parliamentary seats left vacant by the deaths of their holders , the electoral commission of kenya -lrb- eck -rrb- said .
iran will refuse any further demands from the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- for the islamic republic to halt its uranium enrichment activities , the country 's top national security official said wednesday .
commerzbank chairman klaus-peter mueller on wednesday rejected speculation his bank , one of germany 's biggest , was about to be taken over by a predator .
the government said wednesday it is indefinitely deferring a planned #.## billion hong kong dollar -lrb- ### million us -rrb- development project outlined for the prime tamar site in the city 's business district while it reviews public spending priorities .
four people died , two were missing and one was seriously injured when a swedish military helicopter crashed into the sea during a rescue exercise off the southwestern port of goeteborg late on tuesday , the swedish army and media reports said on wednesday .
improved revenues helped the philippines rein in its budget deficit in october , the finance department said thursday .
a policeman was killed and six security force members injured in a fierce gunbattle between indian troops and islamic militants near the army headquarters in indian kashmir , police said wednesday .
iran 's former envoy to argentina has returned home after emerging from a lengthy legal ordeal in britain sparked by an extradition request from buenos aires , where he is accused of involvement in a deadly #### bombing of a jewish cultural center .
china wednesday strongly protested plans by the united states to slap quotas on chinese textile imports of dressing gowns and bras , accusing washington of violating wto principles of free trade .
india 's search for an expert to guide its young crop of fast bowlers on the upcoming tour of australia appears to have ended at the doorstep of pakistani legend wasim akram .
australia said wednesday it had appointed lieutenant colonel quentin flowers as the new commander of its military contingent in the solomon islands .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday on bargain-hunting , with techs leading the way after the government announced a timetable for shifting away from traditional analog tv broadcasting , dealers said .
pakistan is demanding cash from almost ### islamic militants in a new attempt to prevent banned extremist groups re-emerging under new names , officials said wednesday .
a senior chinese official wednesday called for an acceleration in the restructuring of state-owned enterprises , of which #,### are technically bankrupt , and pledged to actively seek foreign investors .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei arrived here wednesday to hold talks with leaders of the main armed factions in a bid to persuade them to put a halt to their campaign of attacks against israel .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
sri lanka 's top tamil tiger negotiator anton balasingham is expected to return home early next year amid uncertainty over the norwegian-backed process to end the three-decade ethnic war , tamil sources said wednesday .
hong kong shares closed down #.## percent wednesday but were off the lows seen in early trade following another lacklustre performance on wall street overnight , dealers said .
the san antonio spurs on tuesday activated backup point guard anthony carter .
the eu economic and monetary affairs commissioner , pedro solbes , said on wednesday that he would stand firm in defense of eu budget rules against attempts by countries such as france and germany to bend them .
the new york mets fired bill singer on tuesday less than a week after he directed anti-asian remarks at a los angeles dodgers executive of chinese descent .
the al-aqsa martyrs brigades , an armed offshoot of the mainstream palestinian movement fatah , said wednesday it would reject any agreement for a suspension of anti-israeli attacks .
increased earnings and cost-cutting helped propel the swiss insurance group , zurich financial services , to a ###-million-dollar -lrb- ###-million-euro -rrb- profit in the third quarter of #### , the company announced on wednesday .
president gloria arroyo said wednesday that us anti-terror troops may help local forces fight armed islamic militants on the major southern philippines island of mindanao .
the al-aqsa martyrs brigades , an armed offshoot of the mainstream palestinian movement fatah , said wednesday it would reject any agreement for a suspension of anti-israeli attacks .
two iraqi policemen and a translator working for the us-led coalition were wounded tuesday night during two attacks in the main northern iraqi city of mosul , police sources said wednesday .
the palestinian authority has unfrozen the bank accounts of charity organizations linked to the radical hamas movement which were blocked in august , an official palestinian source said wednesday .
two vietnamese women were sentenced to ## and ## years in jail after being convicted of selling their daughters into prostitution in cambodia , a court official said wednesday .
caretaker boss eddie gray , given permission to manage the side despite not holding the correct qualifications , has ordered his players to make australian star mark viduka their no # target .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra on wednesday presented ## well-heeled visitors with `` privilege '' cards that will entitle them to a lifetime of premium services in the kingdom .
indonesia 's military said wednesday it has neutralised ## percent of a separatist rebel army in aceh province and hopes to finish off the job in the next six months .
palestinian prime minister ahmad qorei will visit jordan at the end of november for talks with king abdullah ii on the stalled peace process with israel ahead of the monarch 's visit to washington , a palestinian diplomat said wednesday .
pakistan is demanding cash pledges from almost ### islamic militants in a new attempt to prevent banned extremist groups re-emerging under new names , officials said wednesday .
the us company atlantic coast airlines said on wednesday that it had signed a draft order for ## airbus airliners .
pakistan is demanding cash pledges from almost ### islamic militants in a new attempt to prevent banned extremist groups re-emerging under new names , officials said wednesday .
aston villa 's moroccan midfielder mustapha hadji is willing to take a pay cut to end his misery at villa park under manager david o'leary .
sri lanka 's crisis-ridden government was set to unveil its budget for #### wednesday , a week behind schedule after parliament re-opened to assert its power over a hostile president , officials said .
british music group emi said wednesday takeover talks to buy rival warner music were at an `` advanced stage '' as it reported interim results showing sales held steady despite a wider market slump .
twin attacks on istanbul synagogues which killed ## people were carried out by turkish militants acting under the guidance of foreign extremists linked to the al-qaeda network , turkish interior minister abdulkadir aksu was quoted as saying wednesday .
russia wednesday stepped up its criticism of an agreement between us overseers in iraq and the country 's interim governing council to transfer control of the country .
south korea 's police chief denied on wednesday a press report that a suspected member of osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network had secretly infiltrated the country this year .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk lashed out at the country 's opposition parties wednesday for delaying forming a new government , saying they were denying themselves a role in the next administration .
norwegian oil company statoil said on wednesday that it was in preliminary talks with russian energy giant gazprom over possible cooperation to develop one of the biggest gas fields in the world .
british music group emi said wednesday takeover talks to buy rival warner music were at an `` advanced stage '' as it reported interim results showing sales held steady despite a wider market slump .
russia and iran have again put off the signing of an agreement that would clear the way for moscow to complete construction of the islamic state 's first nuclear power reactor , a top minister said wednesday .
us envoy james kelly held meetings wednesday with senior chinese leaders on a second round of six-party negotiations on north korea 's nuclear program , but both sides were silent on progress .
malaysian share prices plunged #.## percent wednesday after overnight declines on wall street and the further weakening of key regional markets , dealers said .
indonesian shares closed down #.## percent wednesday but off lows thanks to a late rebound in selected blue chips , dealers said .
a british reporter who worked undercover for two months at buckingham palace , the royal residence in london , claimed wednesday that security was so lax he could easily have assassinated us president george w. bush during his state vist to britain .
a british reporter who worked undercover for two months at buckingham palace , the royal residence in london , claimed wednesday that security was so lax he could easily have assassinated us president george w. bush during his state visit to britain .
the palestinian authority has arrested a palestinian policeman accused of carrying out a shooting attack in the west bank on tuesday which left two israeli soldiers dead , a palestinian security source said .
taiwan 's leading air carrier china airlines -lrb- cal -rrb- will resume cargo flights to new delhi next week with extended service due to growing demand , the company said wednesday .
a gunman was shot dead wednesday after wounding three people when he fired from the jordanian side of the arava border crossing into southern israel close to the town of eilat , israeli authorities said .
british finance group icap said wednesday three of its foreign exchange brokers were among the ## reportedly arrested in the united states by the federal bureau of investigation agents .
turkish security forces have rounded up ## pakistani would-be illegal immigrants , two greek sailors and two turks in a human-smuggling operation in the aegean province of izmir , local security sources said wednesday .
british supermarket chain j sainsbury named justin king , a former asda executive who now runs marks and spencer food division as its new chief executive on wednesday .
south korean prosecutors on wednesday indicted song <unk> , a german scholar of korean origin , charging him with maintaining unauthorized links with north korea 's stalinist leadership .
a british reporter who worked undercover for two months at buckingham palace , the royal residence in london , claimed wednesday that security was so lax he could easily have assassinated us president george w. bush during his state visit to britain .
the thai stock market tumbled #.## percent wednesday due to a range of negative factors including weakness on foreign bourses and concerns over new day-trading rules , analysts said .
indonesian shares closed down #.## percent wednesday but off lows thanks to a late rebound in selected blue chips , dealers said .
zimbabwe 's first president canaan banana was to be buried wednesday at his rural home in <unk> , some ### kilometres -lrb- ### miles -rrb- from where most of the country 's top political figures are interred , after he was denied hero status , state media reported .
french flanker serge betsen was given a six week ban for kicking england scrum-half matt dawson in the head during their world cup semi-final defeat on sunday .
bmw-williams sporting director mario theissen claims the formula one team will not rush into appointing a replacement for juan pablo montoya and quashed talk that the colombian driver would leave for mclaren mercedes before #### .
a british security guard was lightly wounded when a roadside bomb went off wednesday in the southern iraqi city of basra , said a spokesman for the us-led coalition ruling iraq .
japan 's leading mobile telephone company ntt docomo inc. said wednesday that wind <unk> spa has started the japanese firm 's popular i-mode mobile phone-based internet service in italy .
the philippines should improve its human rights record by easing congestion in its overcrowded prisons and stepping up the battle against child trafficking and prostitution , an european human rights chief said wednesday .
russian world champion yevgeny plyushchenko is the leading competitor at the cup of russia figure skating tournament , fifth round of the isu grand prix , starting here on friday .
prime minister thaksin shinawatra on wednesday attempted to cool a row between national carrier thai airways and a senator who was removed from a plane during an argument over seating .
malaysia 's economy expanded #.# percent in the third quarter from a year earlier and is expected to exceed the #.# percent full-year growth forecast , the central bank announced wednesday .
rubber prices in singapore eased wednesday on higher volumes , dealers said .
some ##,### minibus taxi drivers in kenya went on strike wednesday , stranding commuters across the country , while police in the capital used teargas against touts who threw stones at vehicles ignoring the work stoppage , police said .
malaysian share prices plunged #.## percent wednesday after overnight declines on wall street and the further weakening of key regional markets , dealers said .
the two assailants who detonated car bombs outside istanbul synagogues , killing themselves and ## others , have been identified as two turkish men in their ##s who might have been linked to the al-qaeda network , the city 's governor said on wednesday .
a gunman wounded at least three tourists before being shot dead wednesday when he fired across the border from jordan into southern israel near the red sea resort of eilat , israeli authorities said .
indian stocks fell #.## percent wednesday as investors sold blue chips in absence of fresh support from foreign funds as global markets ruled weak , dealers said .
local polling in mozambique started slowly wednesday as voters queued patiently to cast their ballot in the first municipal elections contested by a former rebel group .
prices at the east african tea auction in mombasa varied sharply this week amid strong demand in line with superior qualities of leaf on offer , africa tea brokers -lrb- atb -rrb- said in a market report released here on wednesday .
world cup semi-finalists turkey , facing elimination from next year 's european championship finals in portugal , are counting on a pair of wonder boots to save them .
egyptian state television on wednesday suddenly interrupted a speech given by president hosni mubarak to the parliament .
a dutch navy supply ship has arrived in liberia where it will spend three months transporting troops , equipment and supplies for the un mission in the war-ravaged west african state , the united nations said .
egyptian president hosni mubarak was taken ill while addressing parliament on wednesday , egyptian state television said after interrupting broadcast of his speech .
german police said wednesday they had broken up a major crime ring at frankfurt airport after seizing stolen electronic equipment worth around #.# million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- .
german airline lufthansa said tuesday it was cutting its cargo prices in order to boost the market share of its lufthansa cargo unit , the world 's largest air cargo handler , in face of fiercer competition .
a key figure in president eduard shevardnadze 's administration resigned wednesday amid a political crisis which has seen thousands of protesters call for the georgian leader to resign .
bangladesh 's second largest opposition party , the jatiya party -lrb- jp -rrb- , returned to parliament wednesday two days after it walked out protesting comments made by a government minister .
iran has offered iraq a package of political and security assistance , after a landmark visit here by top members of the iraqi governing council that also yielded a trade pact set to boost iranian economic clout in its us-occupied neighbor .
malaysia 's economy expanded #.# percent in the third quarter from a year earlier and is expected to exceed the full year forecast of #.# percent growth , the central bank announced wednesday .
egyptian president hosni mubarak was taken ill while addressing parliament on wednesday , egyptian state television said after interrupting broadcast of his speech .
the death toll from iran 's worsening drugs habit has hit #,### for the first five months of the iranian calendar beginning in march , up ## percent from last year 's figures .
kuwaiti shares edged higher in the week to wednesday as the market continued to fluctuate amid a slowdown in trading as the muslim fasting month of ramadan draws to a close , traders said .
foreign ministers from six former soviet republics gathered in kyrgyzstan on wednesday to discuss relations with nato and recent instability in afghanistan , a senior russian official said .
paul bremer , the us civil administrator in iraq , insisted in an interview published here wednesday the situation in iraq had been `` normalised '' in about ## percent of the country , despite daily attacks on coalition forces .
nato troops , possibly including a german contingent , sho <unk> said israeli criticism of eu policy in the middle east was justified in part .
egyptian president hosni mubarak resumed his speech to parliament wednesday after he was taken ill and left the chamber with what an official described as a `` severe ` flu , '' state television showed .
the ##-nation euro zone 's trade surplus stood at #.# billion euros -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- in september , up from a revised #.# billion euros in august , eu statistics office eurostat said wednesday .
spain 's leading bank santander central hispano -lrb- sch -rrb- said on wednesday that the time was ripe to invest in the recovering latin american economy .
the oecd said wednesday it will intervene in a row at nestle in south korea , where unions have accused the swiss multinational of threatening to leave the country if a strike by certain staff continues .
a nigerian court on wednesday adjourned the trial of ## minority rights activists arrested last week and accused of public order offences during a memorial rally for their slain leader , a spokesman for the activists said .
south africa 's rand reached its most powerful level against the dollar in ## months on wednesday morning , pushing exporters , particularly the dominant mining sector , further into loss-making territory .
germany 's governing party committed itself wednesday to raising the rate of inheritance tax on bigger legacies to pay for reforms , but resisted calls to re-introduce a wealth <unk> purse .
south korean farmers clashed with riot police on the streets here late wednesday after huge protest rallies against trade liberalization , police and witnesses said .
a nigerian court on wednesday adjourned the trial of ## minority rights activists arrested last week and accused of public order offences during a memorial rally for their slain leader , a spokesman for the activists said .
the us embassy in beirut has stripped walid jumblatt , leader of lebanon 's druze community , of a visa for the united states for expressing regret that us deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz was unhurt in a baghdad rocket attack last month .
lisa raymond gave the usa the initiative in their fed cup world group semi-final with belgium by beating els callens for the loss of only three games on wednesday .
a tourist from latin america who was critically injured in a shooting wednesday at the israeli-jordanian border died of her injuries shortly afterwards , israeli authorities said .
the british government dismissed claims made wednesday by an undercover newspaper reporter that buckingham palace failed to screen him properly before hiring him as a servant with access to rooms used by visiting us president george w. bush .
north european countries as well as south korea , hong kong and taiwan dominated a new global ranking released on wednesday which assesses the ability of ### economies to harness the digital revolution .
tibet 's exiled spiritual leader the dalai lama will meet pope john paul ii on november ## during a visit to italy , his spokesman tenzin <unk> said wednesday .
five blasts rocked the state of mizoram a day ahead of elections in the most peaceful of india 's seven northeastern provinces , police said wednesday .
a key figure in georgian president eduard shevardnadze 's administration resigned wednesday amid a political crisis which has seen thousands of protesters call for the georgian leader to step down .
the united states is helping to upgrade rural medical facilities in war-torn sri lanka under a two-million-dollar project aimed at spreading the message of peace , the us embassy here said wednesday .
the simon wiesenthal center has urged finland to probe the deportation of thousands of soviet prisoners of war , including ### jews , to nazi germany during world war ii , officials said wednesday .
us warplanes overnight dropped #,###-pound -lrb- <unk> -rrb- bombs on four camps near the northern iraqi town of baquba which are used to make improvised explosive devices -lrb- ieds -rrb- favored by anti-us insurgents , a military spokesman said wednesday .
russia will on wednesday present a draft resolution to the un security council to get its formal approval for the faltering `` roadmap '' plan for middle east peace , a top russian diplomat was quoted as saying by interfax .
russia and canada temporarily have eased flight restrictions on airlines aeroflot and air canada ahead of negotiations to resolve a trade dispute , the news agency itar-tass reported wednesday .
when it comes to security , buckingham palace is a stone embodiment of murphy 's law -- if something can go wrong it will .
us forces called in air power to quell insurgency in the heart of baghdad for the first time since the spring invasion as president george bush defended the use of force to promote peace .
world champions australia have been confirmed as top seeds for the #### icc champions trophy in england next september .
the head of the iraqi governing council , jalal talabani , said wednesday that baghdad was ready to mend fences with turkey , following tensions over a bungled plan for the deployment of turkish peacekeeping forces in war-torn iraq .
liberia 's interim leader gyude bryant was forced wednesday to cancel a fence-mending trip to neighboring ivory coast because of technical problems with his plane , the ivorian presidential office said .
france 's foreign ministry has has alerted the french judiciary to a case of paedophilia allegedly committed in iran by a french national , the french embassy here announced wednesday .
a british reporter who worked undercover for two months as a servant at buckingham palace , the queen 's residence in london , said on wednesday that security was so lax he could easily have assassinated us president george w. bush during his stay there .
israel 's prime minister ariel sharon called on eu reaffirming his commitment to peace and the roadmap , '' said frattini , referring to the international peace plan for the middle east .
leeds captain kevin sinfield says the great britain players will be out to prove a point when they take on australia in the final test at huddersfield on saturday .
david o'leary says the club 's previous two managers john gregory and graham taylor have left him with nothing to spend on new players .
a proposal to remove the rally of great britain from the world championship calendar is to be discussed by the sport 's governing body next month .
austria and israel announced on wednesday they had fully restored normal relations after a three-year chill and the jewish state would shortly be sending a new ambassador to vienna .
a chinese court charged an unemployed man wednesday with `` incitement to subvert the state '' after he called for the democratization of the country on the internet , a human rights group and court official said .
former nato commander and us presidential hopeful wesley clark will testify behind closed doors in the war crimes trial of yugoslav ex-president slobodan milosevic next month , the un court said wednesday .
the <unk> in #### , ##,### russians died from alcohol poisoning and it is not uncommon for russian males to down a litre of the liquid on a night out .
the ugandan army has killed nine of the lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- rebels suspected of massacring at least ## villagers in northern uganda earlier this week , a senior government official in the northern town of lira said wednesday .
nepal 's prime minister surya bahadur thapa will visit india next week to seek further military assistance to combat a maoist insurgency , officials and sources said wednesday .
german prosecutors demanded wednesday a five-year jail term for a jordanian man suspected of plotting attacks on jewish targets , saying that only his arrest had prevented them being carried out .
india 's cricket chief jagmohan dalmiya on wednesday rubbished reports that pakistani legend wasim akram was being hired as the bowling coach of the national team .
us assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs james kelly arrived in south korea wednesday for talks with officials here on north korea 's nuclear ambitions .
roma 's brazil international emerson has warned he could leave the club in january when the transfer window reopens unless he is paid his outstanding wages .
south african president thabo mbeki on wednesday called for the signatories of a french-brokered peace accord for ivory coast to come back to the negotiating table , amid fresh chaos in the west african state .
a political party in chad has cut off ties with president idriss deby over a bid by his party to push through a constitutional amendment that would allow him to run for re-election in #### .
the german government 's human rights envoy on wednesday slammed the zimbabwean regime as `` anti-democratic '' over the arrest of scores of protesters taking part in anti-government demonstrations .
police in new delhi have deployed decoy teams to scour the palace of indian president a.p.j. abdul kalam and collar men who stalk or assault lonely women in the sprawling complex , a report said wednesday .
new allegations surfaced on wednesday in a corruption scandal engulfing lithuanian president rolandas paksas as the leader paid a flying visit to his baltic country 's troops in iraq .
police said wednesday they had arrested three men posing as maoist rebels and trying to extort more than ##,# the rebels have been fighting since #### to overthrow the monarchy and establish a communist state in an uprising that has claimed more than #,### lives .
the british government on wednesday ordered an urgent and `` thorough '' review of security at buckingham palace after an undercover reporter who worked as a servant there said security was so lax he could easily have assassinated us president george w. bush during his state visit .
schools and universities are expected to be shut down in greece thursday , and domestic flights and other public services disrupted as the greek public sector stages a ##-hour strike , union officials said .
a leading lebanese politician said wednesday his us visa had been annulled after he expressed regret that us deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz was unhurt in a baghdad rocket attack .
the us housing market remained buoyant in october as the number of new homes started rose #.# percent to a seasonally adjusted rate of #.## million units , the commerce department said wednesday .
one person commits suicide every two minutes in china , making suicide the leading cause of death in the ##-## age bracket , state media reported wednesday .
austria and israel announced on wednesday they had fully restored normal relations after a three-year chill and the jewish state would shortly be sending a new ambassador to vienna .
south korean farmers clashed with riot police on the streets here late wednesday after huge protest rallies against trade liberalization , police and witnesses said .
financially struggling austrian airlines said wednesday that it was on track to achieve its cost-cutting targets after reaching a crucial deal with pilots this week .
us president george w. bush on wednesday urged europe to join the united states and israel in shunning yasser arafat to encourage the rise of a new palestinian leader .
us president george w. bush said wednesday the united nations nuclear watchdog must ensure iran respected its nuclear non-proliferation commitments .
four people were killed , one was injured and two were missing wednesday after a swedish military helicopter crashed into the sea during a rescue exercise off the southwestern port of gothenburg , the swedish military said .
two men who attempted suicide in beijing 's tiananmen square last month appeared in court wednesday on charges of disturbing the social order , state media reported .
brahim boulami of morocco , the world #,### metres steeplechase record holder , has lost his appeal against a two-year ban for doping .
a pro-government southern sudanese militia accused a ugandan rebel group of killing ## sudanese civilians , and claimed it killed ## lra militants in return , newspapers reported wednesday .
italy 's deputy prime minister gianfranco fini called wednesday for the expulsion of a member of his national alliance -lrb- an -rrb- party for distributing a video autobiography of nazi officer erich priebke .
france welcomes the us decision to transfer power in iraq to a transition government , but wants the handover process to be speeded up , a foreign ministry spokeswoman said wednesday .
the european commission said wednesday it was not planning to replicate us quotas on chinese textile imports , which have sparked anger in beijing .
the majority shiite group on iraq 's governing council have picked a woman dentist to take a seat on the interim body , a senior community official told afp on wednesday .
a un fact-finding team traveled wednesday to restive northeastern liberia to investigate clashes between rebels and militia loyal to exiled former president charles taylor , the united nations said .
canada 's consumer price index fell #.# percent in october against the previous month bringing the annual rate of inflation down to #.# percent , the statistics canada reported wednesday .
a truck carrying flammable shaving foam products caught fire in the belly of a greek ferry wednesday , scaring the vessel 's some #,### passengers who put on life-jackets , ready to abandon ship .
us president george w. bush on wednesday urged europe to join the united states and israel in shunning yasser arafat to encourage the rise of a new palestinian leader .
rwe , germany 's second-biggest power supplier , will see underlying earnings growth slow from next year as the company refocuses on expanding under its own steam rather than via acquisition , chairman harry roels said on wednesday .
us federal prosecutors announced wednesday the filing of criminal charges against ## suspects arrested in a sweep on foreign exchange dealers in wall street .
the head of the iraqi governing council , jalal talabani , said wednesday that baghdad was ready to mend fences with turkey , following tensions over a bungled plan for the deployment of turkish forces in war-torn iraq .
a tourist who was originally said to have died after a shooting incident on the israeli-jordanian border wednesday was in a critical condition in hospital , israeli medical officials said .
bangladesh 's second largest opposition party , the jatiya party -lrb- jp -rrb- , returned to parliament wednesday two days after it walked out protesting comments made by a government minister , as the current session drew to a close .
the bundesbank criticised as `` inappropriate '' wednesday plans by credit rating agency standard and poor 's to cut the debt ratings of germany 's `` landesbanken '' , or regional public sector banks , ahead of the disappearance of the banks ' state guarantees in #### .
spanish police said wednesday they have smashed an african prostitution racket , arresting ## nigerians suspected of trafficking of women via morocco following swoops on three spanish cities .
the russian government now foresees economic growth this year to come to #.# percent rather than the #.# percent previously forecast , a senior official said in a report carried wednesday by the ria-novosti news agency .
brahim boulami of morocco , the world #,### metres steeplechase record holder , has lost his appeal against a two-year ban for doping .
qatar telecoms monopoly provider announced wednesday the opening of a multi-million dollar internet data centre -lrb- idc -rrb- in doha in partnership with france 's <unk> .
stocks wobbled higher in opening trade wednesday as wall street tried to recover from four straight losing sessions that some say shows a `` correction '' is underway .
the british minister for the middle east , elizabeth symons , held talks here on wednesday with lebanese leaders to discuss the situation in iraq and the middle east .
united states ambassador nancy powell wednesday hailed a new anti-extremist drive by the pakistani government , which has banned three militant organizations and closed ### of their offices since the weekend .
a gutsy software student who sent her groom to prison for demanding dowry is set to marry thursday but another suitor has urged a court to stop the wedding bells from ringing , officials said wednesday .
turkey 's ruling party wednesday called for a parliamentary investigation into former prime minister mesut yilmaz over a bank privatization scandal in which the mafia was allegedly involved .
some #,### prisoners entered the second day of a hunger strike wednesday to support a sacked warden who clashed with the ruling hindu nationalists in the riot-torn western indian state of gujarat , inmates said .
gold prices spiked above the symbolic level of ### dollars an ounce on wednesday for the first time for over seven years on the back of a plunging dollar and global trade tensions .
more russians believe that president vladimir putin 's government is less corrupt since this summer 's campaign against the yukos oil giant and the recent arrest of its former chief executive mikhail khodorkovsky , a poll showed wednesday .
spain has shelled out ## million euros -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- for velazquez 's `` <unk> del papa '' -lrb- pope 's barber -rrb- , which will now hang in madrid 's prado museum , the museum said wednesday .
greece announced wednesday plans to build a new airport on the mediterranean island of crete to improve services at one of its most popular tourist destinations .
telekom austria ag reported healthy increases in third quarter and nine months earnings wednesday on improved operating results , the consolidation of new businesses and and one-off gains .
russia on wednesday called on the united nations to hold a conference aimed at drafting a peace plan for iraq that would provide for the dispatch of international peacekeepers to the war-torn country .
oil prices eased back on wednesday as traders worried that a big market rally a day earlier might have been overdone .
criminal charges were filed against ## traders after fbi agents swooped down on wall street in a crackdown on allegedly crooked foreign exchange dealers , officials said wednesday .
turkish football was in the headlines for all the wrong reasons on wednesday with alleged police violence marring the euro #### under-## match between turkey and germany in istanbul tuesday .
borussia dortmund are refusing to hand awol striker marcio amoroso an easy route out of the club despite open criticism from his team-mates and calls from fans to banish the brazilian striker for his conduct .
the finnish government on wednesday tasked a prominent historian with investigating charges put forward in a new book claiming the country deported thousands of people to nazi germany during world war ii .
the finnish government on wednesday tasked a prominent historian with investigating charges put forward in a new book claiming the country deported thousands of people to nazi germany during world war ii .
german police said wednesday they had broken up a major crime ring at frankfurt airport after seizing stolen electronic equipment worth around #.# million euros -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- .
defense companies of the united states on wednesday made an offer to india to jointly develop and produce new technologies .
the family of a french united nations worker killed by suspected taliban arrived here wednesday , paying tribute to all aid workers in risky environments like <unk> where un and other aid agencies have become a target of militants .
six people were killed and one was injured after a swedish military helicopter crashed into the sea during a rescue exercise near this southwestern port city , the military said on wednesday .
south african president thabo mbeki on wednesday refuted allegations that his deputy president jacob zuma once tried to solicit bribes from french arms maker thales to shield it from a corruption probe .
former executives of discount retailer kmart corp. milked it of one billion dollars for a host of personal expenses before the company declared bankruptcy in early #### , a lawsuit alleges .
foreign ministers and representatives from six former soviet republics said wednesday they would work more closely with nato to prevent instability from spilling over into the region from afghanistan .
ivorian prime minister seydou diarra was expected in ghana on wednesday for talks with president john kufuor , the main regional mediator in the west african country 's fragile peace process , reliable sources here said .
russia 's main weapons exporter , which has a quasi-monopoly over the business , has been placed under the control of a state commission as part of an apparent kremlin bid to increase its control over the country 's major economic forces , analysts said on wednesday .
argentina 's controversial former president carlos menem , ## , and his second wife cecilia bolocco , have had a son , his brother senator eduardo menem announced in a radio interview .
a female israeli soldier who was wounded in a suicide bomb attack at a military base near tel aviv on september # has died of her injuries , the army said in a statement wednesday .
the spectre of sars is fading and china 's tourism arrivals are looking rosier with the industry reporting the first positive year-on-year growth since the disease 's outbreak , state media said wednesday .
czech officials are to slaughter nearly #,### cattle after confirming an eighth case of mad cow disease , according to the state veterinary administration .
northern ireland police said wednesday they had foiled a bomb plot that seemed designed to lure police into a deadly trap .
british prime minister tony blair rounded on critics of britain 's close relationship with the united states , particularly over iraq , saying wednesday the alliance was `` important for world peace and security '' .
several hundred demonstrators gathered at the front gates of buckingham palace on wednesday to jeer us president george w. bush on the first full day of his state visit to britain .
the united nations on wednesday condemned israel 's multiple violations of lebanese airspace , warning that the repeated overflights could escalate the tension in the region .
swiss president pascal couchepin left wednesday on a five-day trip to china where he hopes to discuss the world summit on the information society , due to take place in geneva next month .
the german government has given up its legal claims on a vacant lot over adolf hitler 's bunker , effectively handing it to a group representing jewish victims of the nazis , the finance ministry said wednesday .
switzerland will charge foreigners more money for a visa from january #### and people will have to pay up even if their application is rejected , the government said wednesday .
hungary wants to sell up to ##.# percent of its shares in mol oil and gas company , a sector leader in central europe , the state privatization company apv announced here wednesday .
swedish foreign minister laila freivalds said wednesday that turkey still had not made sufficient progress in applying human rights , a key test for its eligibility for european union membership .
european share prices closed weaker wednesday , with the london ftse ### index down #.## percent at #,###.# .
a swedish man was sentenced to psychiatric care on wednesday after brutally stabbing a young girl to death , a killing he said was inspired by the fatal knife attack on foreign minister anna lindh the previous day .
azerbaijan 's foreign ministry issued a protest to moscow wednesday over plans to deepen military cooperation between russia and armenia , a country with which azerbaijan is officially at war .
us president george w. bush defended his war in iraq on wednesday as domestic support for his policies waned and new efforts emerged to secure greater un involvement in the battered country .
british prime minister tony blair faced wednesday the danger of defeat in a key vote over extending autonomy to state-run hospitals , an idea unpopular with labor and opposition parties alike .
zimbabwe 's foreign minister wednesday insisted that the southern african country is entitled to attend next month 's commonwealth heads of government meeting -lrb- chogm -rrb- .
russian intellectuals appealed in a letter to president vladimir putin wednesday to halt a plan by the lukoil oil company to drill off the baltic sea coast near an environmentally fragile area on the un list of world heritage sites .
french bank credit agricole sa reported a surge in third quarter #### net earnings from ### million euros in the same period last year to ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- .
the head of germany 's foreign intelligence service warned wednesday that the rise of violence in iraq could evolve into the kind of guerrilla-style campaign endured by the soviets in afghanistan .
the un security council on wednesday unanimously passed a russian-backed resolution endorsing the stalled middle east `` roadmap '' for peace .
jordanian foreign minister marwan moasher will travel to iran early next week to deliver a letter from king abdullah ii to iranian president mohammad khatami , official petra news agency reported wednesday .
the crystal palace athletics stadium has been saved from closure after an ##.# million pound -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- rescue package was announced by london mayor ken livingstone on wednesday .
a french man in his ##s has been taken into custody in connection with a french probe into the #### assassination of afghan resistance leader ahmad shah masood , interior minister nicolas sarkozy said wednesday .
a french green group on wednesday blasted beaujolais nouveau as a threat to the environment , saying producers of the young wine polluted rivers with huge amounts of pesticides .
the european parliament , in an emotionally charged debate , called wednesday for eu money to be allowed to fund medical research on stem cells derived from human embryos .
authorities in california have issued an arrest warrant for superstar michael jackson and his lawyers are negotiating the terms , a police spokesman said wednesday here , where jackson was reportedly filming a video .
the german government 's human rights envoy on wednesday slammed the zimbabwean regime as `` anti-democratic '' over the arrest of scores of protesters taking part in anti-government demonstrations .
ivorian prime minister seydou diarra was in ghana wednesday for talks with president john kufuor , the main regional mediator in the west african country 's fragile peace process , ghanaian presidential sources said .
russian communist party leader gennady zyuganov on wednesday denounced a vote in parliament that called on prosecutors to investigate the alleged misuse of state funds to finance the party .
the agency in charge of disposing of the state-owned enterprises of former communist east germany declared wednesday : mission accomplished .
canadian international security assistance force troops in kabul wednesday discovered two remote-controlled rockets set up inside the ruined king 's palace as the canadian defense minister visited their nearby base , an isaf spokesman said .
authorities in california have issued an arrest warrant for superstar michael jackson and his lawyers are negotiating the terms , a police spokesman said wednesday here , where jackson was reportedly filming a video .
italy 's main labor unions and political parties from left and right came together wednesday to rally against extremism in a country in shock after the death last week of ## italians in an iraqi suicide attack .
several hundred demonstrators gathered at the front gates of buckingham palace on wednesday to jeer us president george w. bush on the first full day of his state visit to britain .
paul tergat , the fastest marathon runner in history , announced wednesday he would be running in the london race next april to try and secure his first win there in four attempts .
the dodo , an <unk> indian ocean bird which became a synonym for extinction when it died out some ### years ago , probably survived nearly three decades beyond the date commonly given for its disappearance , scientists believe .
a government minister and an erotic film diva were among ## people arrested wednesday in a drugs raid on political and entertainment circles in rome , police said .
the british government on wednesday ordered an urgent and `` thorough '' review of security at buckingham palace after an undercover reporter who worked as a servant there said security was so lax he could easily have killed the us president during his visit .
a dream foursomes tie between the international pairing of nick price and master champion mike weir and us duo david toms and phil mickelson tees off the biennial presidents cup at the fancourt links here on thursday .
a palestinian islamist cleric held in a british prison without trial for more than a year over alleged ties to al-qaeda denied any link to terrorism at the start of his appeal hearing wednesday .
authorities in california have issued an arrest warrant for superstar michael jackson and his lawyers are negotiating the terms , a police spokeswoman said in las vegas , where jackson is filming a video .
iraq 's main shiite organization on wednesday expressed reservations on the deal signed <unk> a constitution is adopted .
a leading lebanese politician said wednesday his us visa had been annulled after he expressed regret that us deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz was unhurt in a baghdad rocket attack .
software maker computer associates is offering worldwide pc users free anti-virus software as part of an effort to fight the epidemic of internet attacks .
european share prices lost ground <unk> on lingering fears that a weaker dollar and stronger euro will dampen europe 's recovery prospects .
israel 's prime minister ariel sharon lashed out at pope john paul ii 's criticism of israel 's west bank barrier wednesday in a parting shot to his critics at the end of a three-day visit here .
despite its claims of cooperation , iran is still hiding a nuclear weapons program from international inspectors and even led them to a phony site , an iranian resistance group said wednesday .
jewish community leaders launched a cry of alarm about growing anti-semitism in europe on wednesday and called on european leaders to take action to stop attacks and intimidation against jews .
croatia became the first of the ten playoff teams to book their place in the euro #### finals when they beat slovenia #-# here on wednesday with a goal from dado prso to complete a #-# victory over two legs .
the cyprus government on wednesday extended until next october a contract for the island to be used as a staging post if un weapons inspectors return to iraq .
holocaust denier ernst zundel is being held in detention under a security certificate that violates his rights under canada 's charter of rights and freedoms , his lawyer argued in court wednesday .
the coach of france 's under ## side has attacked portugal 's under-## team for their `` unspeakable '' destruction of a dressing room after a euro #### qualifier on tuesday .
two ethnic albanians from macedonia were sentenced to ## years in prison for planting a bomb that killed three people , among them two nato soldiers , in march , mia news agency reported wednesday .
santa barbara police on wednesday confirmed that an arrest <unk> had been issued for pop icon michael jackson .
atlantic coast airlines has placed a tentative order for ## airbus a### jets as it moves ahead with plans to transform itself from a regional airline into a low-cost carrier .
a giant potato salad from the baltic state of latvia has been entered in the guinness book of records , the baltic news service said on thursday .
us movie house giant amc entertainment said wednesday it was in preliminary discussions with loews cineplex entertainment corporation about `` a possible business combination .
european union trade commissioner pascal lamy said here wednesday he would watch carefully to see if chinese textile exports barred from entry into the united states were diverted to europe .
a court must decide whether singer michael jackson 's three children will be removed from his care after he was charged with child abuse , prosecutor tom sneddon said wednesday .
the death of a ##-year-old soldier in april may have been caused by a battery of us military vaccinations , a pentagon statement said wednesday .
singer michael jackson has been given a `` specific amount of time '' to surrender himself to authorities and hand over his passport on child molestation charges , police said wednedsay .
two fishermen have delivered shark pups after their net caught and killed a #.#-metre -lrb- ##-foot -rrb- long great white shark , the new zealand herald reported thursday .
prolific croatian striker dado prso led his team into the euro #### finals when he scored the only goal in a second leg victory over slovenia to complete a #-# victory over two legs on wednesday .
us president george bush tucked into chicken and cabbage wednesday to the sound of bagpipes and broadway musicals at a lavish state dinner in his honor , hosted by queen elizabeth ii at buckingham palace .
a south american tourist wounded in a shooting incident on the israel-jordan border on wednesday died of her injuries , israeli hospital sources said .
a former south african minister and leading anti-apartheid figure wednesday admitted that he did not personally know if the country 's chief prosecutor was a spy for the earlier white-dominated regime .
superstar michael jackson faces `` multiple counts '' of child molestation and has been ordered to surrender to police , police and prosecutors said wednesday .
ivorian prime minister seydou diarra met wednesday with ghana president john kufuor , the main regional mediator in the west african country 's fragile peace process , the ghanaian presidential spokesman said .
italian foreign minister franco frattini will travel to iran sunday for talks with president mohammad khatami , the foreign ministry announced wednesday .
a student movement that played a key role in overthrowing the regime of former serbian strongman slobodan milosevic announced wednesday it will contest next month 's election as a political party .
an erotic film diva and an italian government minister were among the high-profile clients of a cocaine trafficker arrested in rome wednesday in a drugs swoop on political and entertainment circles in rome , police said .
michael jackson 's neverland ranch is a children 's paradise -- perhaps too much so for the good of the pop superstar .
the united states is not concerned about egypt 's stability in the wake of president hosni mubarak 's illness , a senior state department official said wednesday .
pharmacists in slovakia may soon no longer be around to fill excessive drug <unk> if lagging insurance payments push them out of business , a senior industry representative warned wednesday .
combinations of light , water and trees dominated the short list of eight designs unveiled thursday for what will become the main us memorial to the victims of the september ## , #### terrorist attacks .
european union officials will discuss north korea 's controversial nuclear program with the country 's leaders in pyongyang december #-## , the eu presidency announced wednesday .
spain beat norway #-# in the second leg of their euro #### play-off here on wednesday to qualify for the finals in portugal next year .
sierra leone , emerging from a decade of civil war and considered the world 's poorest country by the united nations , is to conduct its first nationwide population census in ## years , a senior official said wednesday .
goal machine raul lived up to his billing as one of the most lethal finishers in world football on wednesday , scoring an opportunist goal to send spain through to the euro #### finals at norway 's expense in a whirlwind #-# win in oslo .
latvia came from two goals behind to force a #-# draw with turkey in the second leg of their euro #### playoff here on wednesday and booked their first appearance in the finals with a #-# aggregate victory .
a spanish judge on wednesday recalled a friend of a briton accused of murdering two teenage spanish girls as a witness and potential suspect .
the united states wednesday condemned as `` despicable '' and `` venomous anti-semitism '' a series of programs airing on the lebanese television station al-manar , which is operated by the hezbollah militant group .
goal machine raul lived up to his billing as one of the most lethal finishers in world football on wednesday , scoring an opportunist goal to send spain through to the euro #### finals at norway 's expense in a whirlwind #-# win in oslo .
former argentine president carlos menem said wednesay he hoped his newborn son , maximo saul , would follow in his footsteps and become national leader of either chile or argentina .
below are principal dates in the life of pop star michael jackson , charged wednesday by california authorities with multiple counts of child abuse .
the us government filed fresh charges wednesday against a new york civil rights lawyer accused of providing assistance to imprisoned radical egyptian cleric sheik omar abdel rahman .
russia crushed wales ' hopes of qualifying for their first international finals since #### when they won #-# in the second leg of the euro #### playoff here on wednesday .
michael jackson considers the child abuse charges against him as `` scurrilous '' and is returning to california immediately to defend himself , a spokesman said wednesday .
brazil 's central bank wednesday lowered its base interest rate #.# points to ##.# percent to stimulate the nation 's recovering economy .
michael jackson considers the child abuse charges against him as `` scurrilous '' and is returning to california immediately to defend himself , a spokesman said wednesday .
britain and the united states stand firm in their determination to defeat `` terrorism , '' queen elizabeth ii told george w. bush wednesday during a state banquet in london in honor of the us president .
biometric identification methods such as fingerprints and digital photographs are tomorrow 's technology to ensure security of civil aviation , participants of a conference said here wednesday .
us president george bush and queen elizabeth ii congratulated each other on the long-standing ties that link their countries at a lavish state dinner wednesday at buckingham palace .
the un security council said wednesday it was considering setting up a system to monitor the flow of arms into the war-scarred democratic republic of the congo -lrb- drc -rrb- .
hewlett-packard 's quarterly profit more than doubled from a year ago to ### million dollars as the tech giant showed robust sales growth in consumer sales and technology services .
armenia has joined efforts with iran for the construction of a wind-powered energy station in the former soviet republic 's mountainous north , armenia 's energy ministry said tuesday .
tunisia scored late in each half to beat south africa #-# in a bad-tempered friendly international here wednesday .
the state-owned cuban import firm alimport has reached a deal to use a florida port to ship commodities to cuba , officials said wednesday .
six people have been charged in connection with last weekend 's bomb attacks on two istanbul synagogues that left ## dead , anatolia news agency reported wednesday .
the ##-year-old leader of a satanic cult in brazil wednesday denied charges she tortured , castrated and murdered children in black magic rituals over a decade ago and declared , `` i have n't the courage to kill a chicken .
the ##-year-old leader of a satanic cult in brazil wednesday denied charges she tortured , castrated and murdered children in black magic rituals over a decade ago and declared , `` i have n't the courage to kill a chicken .
a paris court on wednesday sentenced four muslim extremists to prison terms of between ## months and six years for allegedly planning to bomb a football match between france and algeria in #### , but acquitted a fifth man .
australia 's defense minister robert hill basked in tributes for his country 's role in the iraq and afghan wars and the us anti-terror campaign , as he met secretary of defense donald rumsfeld at the pentagon on wednesday .
cash registers were ringing at christie 's geneva on wednesday when the world 's largest sapphire ever to go under the hammer fetched #.## million dollars -lrb- #.## million euros -rrb- at a dazzling jewellery auction .
us officials are investigating an october #### hostage-taking in moscow in hopes of prompting legal action against the perpetrators , the director of a civil liberties group told afp wednesday .
ken brett , the older brother of hall of famer george brett and the youngest pitcher ever to appear in the world series , died of brain cancer tuesday night at the age of ## .
atlanta falcons quarterback michael vick suffered a setback wednesday at practice , getting his ankle stepped on during a walk-through .
the united states and cambodia have signed a deal aimed at halting the trade in priceless artifacts pillaged from the country 's ancient khmer temples , which often wind up on us and western antique markets .
several hundred demonstrators gathered at the front gates of buckingham palace on wednesday to jeer us president george w. bush on the first full day of his state visit to britain .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon returned home overnight wednesday after a three-day visit to staunch european ally italy which focused on extending cooperation in fighting terrorism and anti-semitism .
the us house of representatives on wednesday unanimously approved a measure designed to discourage individuals from acquiring lions , tigers and other `` big cats '' as pets .
the entertainment industry quickly distanced itself from michael jackson on wednesday after an arrest warrant was issued against the pop superstar on child molestation charges .
defense minister robert hill said australia was considering sending `` a few dozen '' trainers to work with the iraqi military thursday but ruled out a major increase in his country 's troop deployment there .
the us house of representatives on wednesday unanimously approved a measure designed to discourage individuals from acquiring lions , tigers and other `` big cats '' as pets .
share prices in tokyo opened higher thursday with the nikkei-### index gaining ###.## points or #.## percent to #,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
scores of anti-globalization activists spent much of the day wednesday building giant paper <unk> puppets and painting signs in preparation for major protests here thursday and friday .
the international rugby board -lrb- irb -rrb- is to re-examine calls for australia to be allowed to keep the william webb ellis cup for good if they beat england in saturday 's final .
the fate of british prime minister tony blair 's controversial proposals for shaking up britain 's state-run hospitals were thrown into doubt wednesday when they scraped through the lower house of parliament , only to be thrown out by the upper chamber .
us lawmakers on wednesday honored the victims of the cambodian genocide carried out from april #### to january #### , and decried the atrocity as `` one of the worst human tragedies of the modern era .
st. louis blues general manager larry <unk> was named to the same post wednesday for the us teams that will participate next year in the world hockey championships and world cup of hockey .
the houston rockets have another player to complement yao ming in the post .
the house of representatives on wednesday called for greater religious freedom in vietnam and offered encouragement to its buddhist clergy persecuted for more than two decades by the socialist government .
an angry beijing has summoned us ambassador to china clark randt to express its `` shock and dissatisfaction '' over a decision to impose quotas on chinese textile imports , state press said thursday .
between ## percent and ## percent of us central command personnel will move from florida to qatar to be closer to the us military 's main theater of war , general john abizaid , head of the command said wednesday .
police have arrested a ##-year-old man over the alleged contamination with pig meat of feed for ##,### australian sheep destined for the middle east , police said thursday .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
prime minister john howard said he did not expect australian interest rates to rise in the short term thursday , even though most analysts are tipping they will go up as early as next month .
irish prime minister bertie ahern promised to help bulgaria and romania in their efforts join the european union , prior to leaving for a visit to both countries thursday .
us president george w. bush , turning a blind eye to british protesters , defended the us-led war on iraq amid new violence and talk of un involvement in stabilizing the war-torn country .
hong kong share prices rose #.## percent in opening trade thursday spurred by overnight gains on wall street , dealers said .
us deputy secretary of state richard armitage met here wednesday with belarusian human rights activist irina <unk> , the state department said .
australian prop ben darwin will not have to undergo an operation on his neck it was revealed on thursday but he still faces an anxious wait to see whether he can ever play again .
us president george w. bush will decide in a `` short period of time '' whether or not to rollback disputed steel tariffs that have threatened a new <unk> trade war , secretary of state colin powell said wednesday .
an angry beijing has summoned us ambassador to china clark randt to express its `` shock and dissatisfaction '' over a decision to cap three types of chinese textile imports , state press said thursday .
australia 's ailing tourism industry was handed a ### million -lrb- ### million us -rrb- government rescue package thursday and told by prime minister john howard to go and sell itself to the rest of the world .
hong kong movie star jackie chan thursday signed a petition urging the thai government to stop the torture of baby elephants for the country 's tourism industry .
indonesia 's leading environmental watchdog walhi is considering taking the government to court over illegal logging which helped cause a deadly flood , a walhi executive said thursday .
international ratings agency fitch ratings warned thursday that the ailing credit card sector could damage the ratings of south korean banks and corporations .
another six hindi-speakers were killed overnight in continuing ethnic violence in india 's northeastern state of assam , police said thursday , bringing to ## the death toll in the past week .
amnesty international said thursday it would make its second visit to military-run myanmar next month to discuss human rights issues including calls for the release of some #,### political prisoners .
a molotov cocktail was dropped at the gates of the us consulate in the northern thai city of chiang mai but there were no injuries or damage , police said thursday .
japan 's nissan motor and nissan diesel motor plan to jointly develop large truck parts with china 's dongfeng motor as part of their mid-term business plan for china 's booming market , a nissan official said thursday .
oil prices fell in asian trade thursday after a sizeable climb in us crude inventory data , dealers said .
international companies have made significant inroads in the battle for the cash of china 's urban elite but domestic firms still dominate , a survey report by the far eastern economic review showed thursday .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday on the back of gains by telecom giant philippine long distance telephone co. following a firmer wall street performance overnight , dealers said .
hong kong share prices rose #.## percent in morning trade on thursday tracking gains on wall street , dealers said .
british newspapers thursday praised a key foreign policy speech in london by us president george w. bush , in which he appealed to the world 's democracies to stop tolerating tyrants .
polling for assembly elections in india 's tiny northeastern state of mizoram began thursday following overnight incidents in which three candidates were kidnapped and then freed by police , an official said .
china 's director of statistics defended the nation 's gdp figures thursday , saying despite imperfections the method of compiling data basically reflected economic growth in the country .
the united nations thursday launched an appeal for ### million dollars in food and medical aid for north korea in #### , to help the stalinist nation with its ongoing food and health crisis .
fiji 's government announced thursday it was extending its ban of turtle killing for another five years from #### .
australia have not bothered devising a plan to nullify england fly-half jonny wilkinson in this weekend 's world cup final , wallabies coach eddie jones revealed thursday .
the international rugby board 's -lrb- irb -rrb- anti-doping manager said thursday that , with just two matches left , the world cup had so far failed to produce a positive drugs test .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday on the back of gains by telecom giant philippine long distance telephone co. -lrb- pldt -rrb- following a firmer wall street performance overnight , dealers said .
australian share prices closed flat thursday as gains by market heavyweight news corp and major banking stocks offset <unk> pressure in the resources sector , dealers said .
new zealand share prices closed flat thursday , adding just #.## percent in modest trade , dealers said .
asian champions south korea surprised european silver medallists france with a #-# win in the men 's volleyball world cup on thursday .
asian champions south korea surprised european silver medallists france with a #-# win in the men 's volleyball world cup on thursday .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent lower in modest trade thursday as quick profit-taking reversed an early rebound driven by the overnight upturn on wall street , dealers said .
two iraqi children were killed and two wounded when an explosion ripped through a classroom near the shiite muslim pilgrimage city of karbala , medical staff said thursday .
the australian government attempted to halt a three-year decline in visitors venturing ` down under ' thursday with a ### million australian dollars -lrb- ### million us dollar -rrb- rescue package for the country 's tourism industry .
accomplices of the two suicide bombers who attacked two synagogues in istanbul last week did not flee to dubai , officials said thursday , denying turkish newspaper reports .
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree lifting all sanctions imposed on libya , the kremlin press service said in a statement thursday .
liu chunhong of china improved her own world records in the women 's weightlifting ##kg class en route to a sweep of the gold medals at the world weightlifting championships on wednesday .
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree lifting all sanctions imposed on libya , the kremlin press service said in a statement thursday .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent lower in modest trade thursday as quick profit-taking reversed an early rebound driven by the overnight upturn on wall street , dealers said .
dubai 's emirates announced thursday six new destinations in #### including new york -- the only direct link between the middle east and the united states -- shanghai , vienna , glasgow and lagos as the government-owned airline bids to be a global player .
sevens rugby could become an olympic sport announced international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- president jacques rogge on thursday if another sport was dropped and it met the strict <unk> required by his body .
australian prop ben darwin will not have to undergo an operation on his neck it was revealed on thursday but he still faces an anxious wait to see whether he can ever play again .
australian share prices closed flat thursday as gains by market heavyweight news corp and major banking stocks offset <unk> pressure in the resources sector , dealers said .
french flanker serge betsen 's six week ban for kicking england scrum-half matt dawson in the head during their world cup semi-final defeat was judged too harsh by team manager jo maso on thursday .
the house of representatives called for greater religious freedom in vietnam and offered encouragement to its dissident buddhist clergy persecuted for more than two decades by the socialist government .
north korea said thursday us defense secretary donald rumsfeld 's trip to seoul this week was a `` criminal junket '' and south koreans should rise up to drive us troops from their shores .
an influential politician who helped topple indonesia 's previous president explained thursday why he believes current leader megawati sukarnoputri should also go .
a second-half cameo appearance on mexico 's frontline by legendary goalkeeper jorge campos could not help the tricolores avoid a scoreless draw with iceland in an international friendly here on wednesday .
sri lanka 's government thursday offered an olive branch to the president to end their power struggle , saying it was willing to share responsibility for the economy and the tamil tiger peace process .
india 's ruling hindu nationalist bjp party will be the underdog when it takes on the opposition congress in provincial elections seen as a barometer for national polls , bookies said thursday .
motor vehicle sales in malaysia dropped ## percent in october from a year ago to ##,### units , but were #.# percent higher from september , according to figures published thursday .
a multi-faith coalition from across asia thursday attempted to rally support for a campaigning movement to end violence against women .
a us citizen along with three arab nationals have been sentenced to four years in prison by a dubai court , on charges of possessing and using drugs , a newspaper reported thursday .
south korean share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday on continued foreign investor selling , with sentiment hit by concerns about ailing credit card companies and a bribery probe into conglomerates , dealers said .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday , extending the previous day 's solid gains as investors joined heavy institution-led buying in the oversold technology sector , dealers said .
asian champions south korea defeated the european silver medallists france in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on thursday .
indonesia 's military on thursday reported ## more rebel deaths in aceh , a day after the government put the province under military rule for another six months in hopes of crushing a separatist revolt .
german media giant bertelsmann said thursday that its supervisory board chairman gerd <unk> was quitting as a result of differences with the group 's management board over strategy .
as the first glasses of beaujolais nouveau were poured after midnight struck thursday , producers of the youthful french wine had every reason to toast japan which has overtaken germany as the world 's biggest importer of the purple plonk .
hong kong gold prices closed lower on thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
hong kong shares closed fell #.## percent thursday as late selective selling pushed the market into negative territory , dealers said .
malaysian cell phone operator maxis communications said thursday its tie-up with <unk> has been completed on schedule and will boost subscriber growth as it seeks to close the gap with rival celcom .
two iraqis were killed and ## wounded in a car bomb explosion overnight outside the home of a leading tribal sheikh in this western town , medical sources said thursday .
saudi women are to be allowed to open their own pharmacies , but only in commercial centers designated for women , a senior government official was quoted as saying thursday .
pakistani forces are swooping on suspected taliban supporters near the southwest border with afghanistan and have arrested more than ### afghan `` illegal immigrants , '' officials said thursday .
south korean activists on thursday scored a victory in their court battle against the country 's biggest business group over alleged illegal political donations .
world champions brazil let slip a two-goal lead and needed a second ronaldo strike to scrape a #-# draw with uruguay on wednesday as the south american #### world cup qualifying competition heated up .
china denied thursday that a date had been fixed for another round of six-party talks on north korea 's nuclear ambitions , saying a date was still being negotiated .
torrential rains and strong winds whipped up by tropical storm nepartak caused #.## billion yuan -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in economic losses to china 's southern island province of hainan , state media said thursday .
humbled on the battlefields of vietnam three decades ago , the united states also found itself on the end of another beating here thursday , this time on the volleyball court .
lawyers for nine of ## students deported from pakistan and detained in malaysia for alleged terror links sought their release thursday ahead of the muslim festival of eid-al-fitr .
slain french un worker bettina goislard was buried thursday in a quiet ceremony at kabul 's british cemetery , five days after her murder in southeast afghanistan by suspected taliban .
experts on terrorism will attend an international conference held in the saudi capital in february to ascertain ways of combating extremism and the role islam can play in halting violence , a daily said .
some ### chinese police are under investigation for drinking on duty , drinking and driving or carrying firearms while under the influence of alcohol , state press said thursday .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday , extending wednesday 's solid gains as investors joined in heavy institution-led buying in the oversold technology sector , dealers said .
palestinian factions will meet in cairo on december # to continue talks on a suspension of anti-israeli attacks , senior officials from islamic groups said thursday .
hong kong shares closed fell #.## percent thursday as weak regional markets and a lack of fresh news led investors to trim their holdings of banking stocks , pushing the market into negative territory , dealers said .
switzerland 's top telecommunications operator , swisscom , said thursday it expected its full-year net profit to grow , after it posted a ##.# percent increase in net profit for the first nine months of #### to #.## billion swiss francs -lrb- ### million euros , #.## billion dollars -rrb- .
the french economy grew #.# percent in the third quarter from the second quarter , french statistics agency insee said thursday , confirming an initial estimate and <unk> another sign that france is on the road to recovery .
manchester united manager alex ferguson admits he leeds united paid too much for rio ferdinand but is convinced the under-fire england defender will eventually justify his ## million pound fee .
four strong explosions were reported in istanbul thursday , television stations said , one near a bank and another near the british consulate .
taiwan 's main opposition kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- will push for a public vote on the opening of direct transport links with china once a referendum law is adopted later this year , a kmt parliamentarian said thursday .
malaysian share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday on institutional buying of select blue chips after recent sustained losses , dealers said .
part of the british consulate in istanbul has been destroyed in an explosion , an afp correspondent on the scene said .
part of the british consulate in istanbul has been destroyed in an explosion , an afp correspondent on the scene said .
part of the british consulate in istanbul has been destroyed by an explosion , an afp correspondent on the scene said .
european stock markets fell into loss in early trading on thursday as investors took fright at reports of a series of explosions in istanbul .
german media giant bertelsmann said thursday it was returned to a bottom-line profit in the third quarter of the current year , thanks largely to an improved operating performance and windfall gains from divestments .
two annexes fronting the british consulate in istanbul have been destroyed by at least one explosion , an afp correspondent on the scene said , as a series of powerful blasts rocked the city .
the old british cemetery where slain french un worker bettina goislard was buried thursday is the last resting place for the ##th century 's imperial warriors and explorers who also died in afghanistan .
stuttgart , germany , nov ## -lrb- afp -rrb- vfb stuttgart 's brazilian defender marcelo bordon says he will leave the club if german internationals andreas hinkel and kevin kuranyi are sold .
australian test paceman jason gillespie ran riot as south australia seemingly took an iron grip on the sheffield shield clash with new south wales in adelaide thursday .
oil-rich kuwait has agreed in principle to supply iraq with oil products to meet winter shortages as well as allow baghdad to use its terminals to export oil , an official said thursday .
fitch ratings , the international rating agency , has upgraded bahrain 's gulf international bank 's -lrb- gib -rrb- long-term foreign currency rating to a - from bbb + , according to a statement published on thursday .
police in central beijing thursday rounded up scores of angry citizens who staged a protest outside the headquarters of the ruling communist party after formal complaints to the government fell on deaf ears .
malaysian share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday on institutional buying of select blue chips after recent sustained losses , dealers said .
european stock markets fell into loss in early trading on thursday as investors took fright at reports of a series of explosions in istanbul .
indonesian share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday on technical rebound led by index heavyweights telkom and indosat , with sentiment supported by recovery in wall street and regional markets , dealers said .
indonesia 's military chief on thursday shrugged off an admission by aceh 's martial law administrator that fewer than one-third of the province 's people support the extension of military rule there .
pakistan intensified its latest crackdown against islamic radicals thursday , outlawing another three groups including a gang linked to the murder of us reporter daniel pearl .
a string of explosions -- five according to some reports -- rocked istanbul on thursday , killing at least five people , reports said .
the wife of prominent jailed property lawyer zheng enchong and her sister said thursday they were abducted in beijing by chinese authorities and forced onto a train for shanghai .
lisa raymond steered the united states , chasing an unprecedented ##th title , into the fed cup world group final here thursday by beating belgium 's elke clijsters in straight sets .
the thai stock market dropped #.## percent thursday due to ongoing sales of blue-chip stocks by overseas investors , dealers said .
banking giant hsbc said it was investigating reports of blasts near its offices in istanbul on thursday , but that details of the explosions were `` sketchy '' .
iran must be cited for its violations of nuclear non-proliferation agreements but credit must also be given to the new page it has turned on cooperating with international inspectors , the head of the un nuclear watchdog said thursday .
part of the british consulate in istanbul collapsed on thursday when it was hit in a wave of explosions that rocked the turkish city .
international finance corp. , the private sector arm of the world bank said thursday it expects a ##-## percent average annual return on its #.# million us dollar investment in chinese supermarket chain wumart stores .
six schoolchildren were injured in indian-administered kashmir thursday when a hand grenade they fiddled with exploded , a police spokesman said .
the highly fragmented retail banking sector in germany is in need of consolidation , the head of the country 's biggest bank , deutsche bank , said in a newspaper interview published thursday .
police in central beijing thursday rounded up scores of angry citizens who staged a protest outside the headquarters of the ruling communist party after formal complaints to the government fell on deaf ears .
the leader of georgia 's biggest opposition party said the results of a parliamentary election , due to be announced later thursday , would be fraudulent and he would not accept them .
china said thursday it may hike tariffs on some us imports if washington fails to comply with last week 's world trade organization ruling that steel tariffs violated global trade rules .
rubber prices in singapore climbed thursday on smaller volumes , dealers said .
ankara and moscow have reached agreement on a price dispute that had paralysed the operations of a newly-inaugurated natural gas pipeline linking russia and turkey , the russian gas monopoly gazprom announced thursday .
the explosions thursday in istanbul bear `` all the hallmarks '' of osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network and its associates , british foreign secretary jack straw said .
the international credit rating agency , moody 's , said thursday it was raising its outlook for the german banking sector to `` stable '' from `` negative '' thanks to a `` marked recovery in their financial resilience '' .
the imam of al azhar , the leading institution of sunni muslim learning , said in remarks published thursday that he condemned bombings in saudi arabia and turkey as `` the most infamous '' of acts banned by god .
european stock markets fell into loss in early trading on thursday as investors took fright at reports of a series of explosions in istanbul .
`` three or four '' employees of the british consulate general in istanbul are missing after a wave of explosions in turkey 's biggest city , foreign secretary jack straw said .
russian president vladimir putin on thursday warned that the threat of international terrorism was still very much alive and urged more international coordination in fighting the scourge .
germany coach rudi voller claims the current crop of under-## players are similar to his generation that went on to win the #### world cup in italy .
indonesian share prices closed #.## percent higher thursday on technical rebound led by index heavyweights telkom and indosat , with sentiment supported by recovery in wall street and regional markets , dealers said .
britons flocked to the high streets in unexpectedly large numbers during october , helping retail sales grow twice as quickly as expected over the month , official figures showed on thursday .
indian stocks slid #.## percent thursday in the absence of any fresh buying support from foreign funds , dealers said .
turkish interior minister abdulkadir aksu said two explosions rocked istanbul thursday , adding that they may have been a `` second wave '' of attacks after saturday 's double synagogue bombings , the anatolia news agency reported .
leading polish petrochemicals group pkn orlen and hungarian oil and gas trading company mol signed thusday a memorandum of understanding opening the way for a merger which would create central europe 's biggest energy company .
an armed gang has stormed two us-owned oil platforms in the sea off southern nigeria and is holding ## workers <unk> , energy giant chevrontexaco said thursday .
us president george w. bush arrived at downing street on thursday for talks with british prime minister tony blair suddenly overshadowed by deadly bomb blasts in istanbul .
an armed gang has stormed two us-owned oil platforms in the sea off southern nigeria and is holding ## workers <unk> , energy giant chevrontexaco said thursday .
pro exports to china , he noted , are up ##.# percent this year compared to a #.# percent increase for the rest of world .
about ### lawyers demonstrated thursday in this northern city against the arrest by us forces of two colleagues suspected of supporting saddam hussein , an afp correspondent reported .
the german electronics giant siemens said thursday it expects the worldwide market for mobile telephones to grow by <unk> percent from an anticipated base of ### million handsets this year .
the head of the iraqi governing council , jalal talabani , said the iraqis must bear the brunt of the fighting in their country if they want to `` own their new democracy , '' in a commentary thursday in the wall street journal .
#### munich 's chinese star jiayi shao is set to make his debut in the commentary box for saturday 's derby match against bayern munich with live coverage of the match relayed to china .
bilfinger berger , germany 's second-biggest construction company , said thursday that one-off gains from the sale of its stake in heating technology specialist buderus inflated bottom-line profits in the third quarter of this year , but underlying earnings also improved .
italian police have issued arrest warrants against two friends of montenegrin prime minister milo djukanovic over alleged cigarette smuggling , officials said thursday .
thirty-four legislators from war-torn north and northeastern uganda have walked out of parliament and vowed not to return until the government finds a peaceful solution to the <unk> conflict in their region , one of them said on thursday .
italy expressed solidarity with turkey and britain after blasts which rocked istanbul on thursday , leaving at least ## dead and more than ### injured .
the world bank warned thursday that deteriorating security was undermining reconstruction in afghanistan , as the ##th aid worker to be killed in the war-ravaged country this year was buried in kabul .
us president george w. bush arrived at downing street on thursday for talks with british prime minister tony blair suddenly overshadowed by deadly bomb blasts in istanbul .
the un international fund for agricultural development -lrb- ifad -rrb- chief lennart <unk> has arrived in ethiopia to advise the country on ways of overcoming decades of drought and food insecurity , an ifad statement said thursday .
the death toll from suicide bombings that targeted british interests in istanbul on thursday rose to ## with ### wounded , the anatolia news agency reported , quoting the city 's health department .
wales manager mark hughes admits he might lose his job after they failed to qualify for euro #### following their #-# defeat to russia on wednesday .
royal philips electronics nv chief executive gerard kleisterlee said thursday he expects a `` good '' fourth quarter , adding that the company 's recent restructuring programs `` are bearing fruit '' .
britain 's ambassador to uzbekistan has once again returned to britain on health grounds amid a political storm over his vociferous criticism of the west 's anti-terror ally tashkent .
oil prices gained ground on thursday in the wake of presumed terrorist bombings which hit the british consulate and the offices of the hsbc bank in istanbul .
turkish authorities tried to ban broadcasting from two bomb sites in istanbul where at least ## people were killed and more than ### were injured thursday , the television channel cnn-turk said .
at least ## people died and ### were injured in the suicide bombings that targeted british interests in istanbul on thursday , the anatolia news agency reported , giving a new toll quoting the city 's health department .
uefa have confirmed hosts portugal , defending champions france , sweden and the czech republic as the seeds for next year 's european championship finals in portugal .
the thai stock market dropped #.## percent thursday due to ongoing sales of blue-chip stocks by overseas investors amid concerns over the market 's uncertain direction , dealers said .
the environmental group , wwf , warned thursday that illegal driftnets cast by moroccan , french and italian fishermen continue to kill thousands of dolphins in the mediterranean each year and urged eu governments to implement a new law banning the practice .
italy 's foreign minister franco frattini condemned thursday 's attacks istanbul which left at least ## dead and hundreds injured , saying the international community would respond with even more strength and determination in the war against terror .
explosions have rocked british diplomatic missions and the hsbc bank in turkey at least three times earlier this year , though none were nearly as deadly or powerful as those thursday in istanbul .
us forces using helicopters and tanks killed ## people who had attacked a civilian coalition convoy in the north-central iraqi city of samarra , a spokesman for the #th infantry division said thursday .
kenyan 's ruling national rainbow coalition -lrb- narc -rrb- has won two parliamentary by-elections , the electoral commission of kenya announced in a statement released thursday .
british prime minister tony blair said thursday there can be `` no holding back '' in the fight against global terrorism , at a joint press conference in london with us president george w. bush .
the netherlands has donated one million dollars -lrb- ###,### euros -rrb- to help fund a west african force policing a ceasefire in ivory coast , officials said thursday .
martha lane fox , co-founder of internet pioneer lastminute.com , is to quit her post at the online travel shop next year , the company announced thursday as it reported its first annual profit .
at least ## people died and ### were injured in two huge bomb blasts that targeted british interests in istanbul on thursday , anatolia news agency reported , giving a new toll quoting the city 's health department .
banking giant hsbc said it had suffered `` a number of fatalities '' among its staff in a blast which hit its offices in istanbul on thursday , one of two presumed terrorist attacks in the city .
tokyo share prices rebounded thursday but most of the region 's other major bourses were flat to lower because of a lack of fresh leads .
an islamic militant holed up near indian kashmir 's army headquarters , a soldier and a civilian were killed thursday in fighting on the third day of a stand-off between rebels and troops , officials said .
british consul-general roger short is missing and feared dead in the bomb attack thursday that destroyed part of the consulate in istanbul , a diplomatic source said .
the un world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- warned thursday that kenyan children could be forced to drop out of school if donors fail to deliver ## million dollars to sustain the agency 's school meal program in the east african country .
us president george w. bush condemned the istanbul suicide bomb attacks thursday , saying in london that it showed once again that terrorists `` hate freedom '' .
uefa said thursday the draw for the #### european <unk> under ## finals will be held on feb ## in the host country which will be chosen on dec ## .
palestinian factions will meet in cairo on december # to continue talks on a suspension of anti-israeli attacks , senior officials from islamic groups said thursday .
moscow , <unk> , while heading russia 's electricity system ... thinks nothing of heading the sps campaign , which is heading into the elections under <unk> slogans , '' dmitry rogozin , one of the deputies , told moscow echo radio .
slain french un worker bettina goislard was buried thursday in a quiet ceremony at kabul 's british cemetery , five days after her murder in southeastern afghanistan by suspected taliban .
poland expressed its `` deep pain '' following the huge bomb blasts that targetted british interests in istanbul on thursday , killing at least ## people and injuring hundreds .
kuwait 's aviation lease and finance company -lrb- alafco -rrb- on thursday reported a six-fold increase in profits for the past fiscal year .
english premiership club chelsea were waiting to hear from european football 's governing body uefa if they would have to play their champions league match against besiktas next month in istanbul .
banking giant hsbc said it had suffered `` a number of fatalities '' among its staff in a blast which hit its offices in istanbul on thursday , one of two presumed terrorist attacks in the city .
president pervez musharraf thursday urged pakistan 's radical islamic seminaries , accused of breeding fundamentalists , to produce doctors , engineers and bankers instead .
britain 's foreign office warned its citizens against `` all but the most essential '' travel to turkey 's largest city istanbul following two bomb attacks there thursday against british interests .
the baltic state of latvia held morning after celebrations thursday for their national soccer team whose #-# draw against turkey in istanbul secured the country 's first appearance in the european championships final next year in portugal .
three afghan soldiers and a taliban fighter were killed in two separate attacks by the militants in southern afghanistan , officials said on thursday .
leading polish petrochemicals group pkn orlen and hungarian oil and gas trading company mol signed a memorandum of understanding on thursday opening the way to a merger which would create central europe 's biggest energy company .
hundreds of thousands of people voted thursday in india 's northeastern mizoram state , where the balloting passed of peacefully after an overnight scare when three candidates were abducted .
zimbabwe has signed five african union treaties , including pacts on human and women 's rights , corruption and the environment , the au said thursday .
an iraqi woman and her six sons were arrested in the hotspot western town of fallujah for `` operating an independent anti-coalition cell , '' the us military said thursday .
european football 's governing body uefa said thrusday they were urgently reviewing security in turkey following thursday 's blasts in istanbul to decide if two matches will be played next week .
french fans of wanted us pop icon michael jackson are planning a rally in his defense saturday afternoon on the champs elysees , according to a message on a dedicated internet site .
the european union condemned thursday the bomb attacks in istanbul as barbaric and evil , and expressed its solidarity with turkey and london in the fight against terror .
athletics kenya -lrb- ak -rrb- are to demand that the world steeplechase record set in #### by bernard barmasai be reinstated following the suspension of brahim boulami of morocco for doping .
indian cricketer abhijit kale faces a life ban from the game after he reportedly offered bribes to the selectors to get picked for the national ` a ' team , sources said on thursday .
italy 's prime minister silvio berlusconi condemned thursday 's `` savage '' attacks in istanbul which left at least ## dead and hundreds injured .
qatar petroleum -lrb- qp -rrb- and exxon mobil have acquired ## percent in the edison gas ' adriatic liquefied natural gas -lrb- lng -rrb- terminal project off italy , the companies said in a statement thursday .
british banking giant hsbc said thursday it was closing all its branches in turkey for security reasons after its headquarters in istanbul were hit by a massive car bomb attack , anatolia news agency reported .
british prime minister tony blair said thursday there can be `` no holding back '' in the fight against the `` evil '' of global terrorism , at a joint press conference in london with us president george w. bush .
prime minister ivica racan believes croatia 's future as a fully integrated european state is on the line in sunday 's general elections , the first since nationalists were ousted from power almost four years ago .
croatian nationalist leader ivo sanader has worked hard to escape his party 's autocratic past and build an image of himself as a modern conservative with a european outlook .
syria strongly condemned the `` terrorist '' suicide bomb attacks against british interests in istanbul on thursday that killed at least ## people and injured ### .
at least six people died and dozens were wounded in two car bombings in iraq amid a new flare-up of violence as us president george w. bush and british prime minister tony blair vowed thursday to complete the job of taming terrorism and stabilising the country .
india 's jeev milkha singh took the first day honors at the ###,### us dollar taiwan open with a superb seven-under-par ## on thursday .
french president jacques chirac condemned `` in the strongest terms '' thursday 's two bomb attacks against british targets in istanbul that left at least ## dead and ### injured , his spokeswoman said .
israeli foreign minister silvan shalom condemned thursday 's `` shocking '' attacks in istanbul which left at least ## people dead only five days after suicide bombings of two synagogues in the turkish city .
wales have asked manager mark hughes to help the country reach the #### world cup finals after failing to qualify for euro #### following their #-# defeat to russia on wednesday .
indian cricketer abhijit kale faces a life ban from the game after he allegedly offered bribes to the selectors to get picked for the national a team , officials said on thursday .
the foreign office warned british nationals against `` all but the most essential '' travel to turkey 's metropolis istanbul following bomb attacks there thursday against british interests .
jordanian foreign minister marwan moasher condemned thursday 's bombings of british interests in istanbul that killed at least ## people only five days after suicide attacks on two synagogues in the turkish city .
mol oil and gas company , hungary 's sector leader , said thursday it had expressed interest in the privatization of the czech government 's majority stake in unipetrol .
two russian deputies called thursday for the dismissal of the national power monopoly chief anatoly chubais because he heads a political party that has criticized kremlin policy ahead of parliamentary elections .
at least six people died and dozens were wounded in two car bombings in iraq amid a new flare-up of violence as us president george w. bush and british prime minister tony blair vowed thursday to complete the job of taming terrorism and stabilising the country .
saudi arabian stocks closed the week thursday up #.# percent , driven largely by a surge in the shares of saudi electricity corp. -lrb- sec -rrb- and saudi basic industries corp. -lrb- sabic -rrb- , bakheet financial advisers -lrb- bfa -rrb- said .
a ##-year-old boy died and seven other people were injured thursday when a blaze tore through a cluttered shantytown of nearly ##,### people in the western indian city of bombay , firefighters said .
mol oil and gas company , hungary 's sector leader , said thursday it had expressed interest in the privatization of the czech government 's majority stake in unipetrol .
us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan on thursday warned against `` clouds of emerging protectionism '' in the united states and other countries that threaten world trade .
eritrea said thursday it had recalled its ambassador to the african union -lrb- au -rrb- to protest the organization 's `` silence '' over ethiopia 's rejection of a ruling about the disputed border separating the horn of africa states .
iran condemned thursday 's devastating bomb blasts in istanbul in a telephone call from deputy interior minister <unk> ahmadi to his turkish counterpart , the official news agency irna reported .
federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said thursday he saw `` little evidence of stress '' for the united states to fund its huge current account deficit .
courses in hebrew , the language of syria 's enemy israel , are being taught to fourth-year communications students at the university of damascus since september , academic sources said here thursday .
nine people died and ## were injured thursday when a bus collided with a truck in the former soviet republic of azerbaijan , police said .
german airline lufthansa believes that a tie-up with its swiss counterpart , swiss , is still possible , despite the latter 's recent alignment with british airways , lufthansa 's chief financial officer karl-ludwig kley said on thursday .
matti nykaenen , finland 's most successful ski jumper ever whose drinking and <unk> have been well documented by the tabloids , is to shoot a film .
at least ## people were killed and more than ### injured in the two powerful bomb attacks against british interests in istanbul , interior minister abdulkadir aksu told reporters here .
british consul-general roger short is missing and feared dead in the bomb attack thursday that destroyed part of the consulate in istanbul , a diplomatic source said .
round-the-world sailor and vendee globe organiser philippe <unk> was given a suspended two year prison sentence thursday for tax evasion .
indian cricketer abhijit kale faces a life ban from the game after he allegedly offered bribes to the selectors to get picked for the national a team , officials said on thursday .
illegal driftnets cast by moroccan , french and italian fishermen continue to kill thousands of dolphins in the mediterranean each year despite an eu ban on the practice , the environmental group wwf warned thursday .
us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan called thursday for action to counter `` creeping protectionism '' in the united states and elsewhere that threaten the world economy .
the head of the organisation of petroleum exporting countries insisted on thursday that oil markets were well supplied despite the current price surge , as he gave backing to a new un body aimed at harnessing the security of global energy supplies .
a syrian kurdish party and detainees has deteriorated in the course of the last three years relative to that in the ####s .
england fast bowler james anderson was on thursday ruled out of the remaining two one-dayers against sri lanka due to an ankle injury , dealing a blow to the tourists ' hopes of winning the series .
five thousand palestinians will be allowed to access jerusalem 's al-aqsa mosque compound for the last prayers of the holy muslim fasting month of ramadan , the israeli army announced thursday .
nato secretary general george robertson condemned thursday the attacks in istanbul as an outrageous attack on democratic values , vowing the alliance 's solidarity in the face of the `` scourge '' of terrorism .
great britain coach david waite has named a new center pairing of martin gleeson and lee gilmour for the third rugby league test against world champions australia on saturday .
moves to evacuate the white house were halted thursday after concerns over an airspace violation were resolved , a senior administration official said .
the vatican strongly condemned thursday 's bomb attacks against british interests in istanbul , saying terrorism was a crime against humanity .
renewed terrorism fears sent us stocks lower in opening trade thursday after two attacks in turkey , including a deadly bomb attack that destroyed part of the british consulate in istanbul .
english premiership club chelsea were waiting to hear from european football 's governing body uefa if they would have to play their champions league match against besiktas next month in istanbul .
us president george w. bush on thursday held out the possibility that us troop levels in iraq could rise despite his intention to begin drawing down their numbers next year .
people magazine has named johnny depp its `` sexiest man alive '' for #### , citing the hollywood heartthrob 's new-found <unk> and maturity in the wake of parenthood .
weekend talks between french interior minister nicolas sarkozy and british home secretary david blunkett on illegal immigration have been pushed back until early #### , sarkozy 's office said thursday .
leaders of ## central and eastern european countries began meeting thursday in warsaw in their last summit before the european union 's eastwards expansion next year .
pakistan , a frontline state in the global war against terrorism , denounced thursday 's deadly bomb blasts in istanbul , urging muslim countries to be vigilant against such attacks .
leaders of ## central and eastern european countries met on thursday in warsaw for their last summit before the european union 's eastwards expansion next year .
tens of thousands of protesters set off thursday on a march through london against the iraq war and the ongoing state visit to britain by us president george w. bush , an afp reporter at the scene said .
leading german tourist operators said they did not expect business to be hit permanently by the latest bomb attacks in istanbul , which claimed at least ## lives thursday .
dozens of israelis undeterred by twin attacks on istanbul synagogues last week aborted their holiday trips to turkey following a new spate of bombings thursday , public radio reported .
hundreds of anti-globalization protestors clashed with police here thursday , as trade ministers from across the americas met to discuss a pact that would result in the world 's largest free market area .
the president of the moscow bar on thursday accused the authorities of harassing attorneys representing oil giant yukos and its jailed founder mikhail khodorkovsky .
independent experts from a pan-european grouping have condemned the police and court system of montenegro for what they said was incorrect handling of a high-profile case involving the trafficking of women for prostitution .
a reporter in the ukrainian city of odessa was hospitalized after assailants beat him up , apparently for writing articles critical of city authorities , he said thursday .
spain , a key ally of the united states and britain over iraq , on thursday expressed outrage at the bomb blasts which rocked istanbul , killing least ## people and injuring some ### more .
tycoon conrad black stepped down two days ahead of schedule as chief executive of media giant hollinger international , as the company scrambled to provide key financial documents to us regulators .
the former head coach of finland 's nordic ski team , <unk> <unk> , was charged thursday with smuggling illegal performance-enhancing drugs used by his athletes during the world championships in lahti two years ago .
britain 's royal household plans to take legal action to gag a london tabloid newspaper after an undercover reporter exposed a security lapse at buckingham palace , the palace said thursday .
schalke ## midfielder sven <unk> has <unk> a dramatic u-turn and decided he now wants to stay at the arena auf schalke .
the index of leading economic indicators , a closely watched barometer of future us growth prospects , rose a better-than-expected #.# percent in october , the conference board said thursday .
the finnish government on thursday approved a controversial bill that would enshrine in law the president 's role in religious proclamations read out in churches throughout the country .
the colourful life of matti nykaenen , finland 's most successful ski jumper ever whose drinking and <unk> have been well documented by the tabloids , is to be the subject of a new film .
the united states on thursday closed its consulate in istanbul to the public , and advised us citizens to avoid the building , following the deadly bomb attacks on british interests in the turkish city , a state department official said in london .
a plastic mickey mouse toy gun distributed to more than ###,### children as a gift in the latest issue of the swedish version of a comic book could be deadly , the country 's consumer agency warned thursday .
the united states warned thursday that more terrorist attacks were possible in istanbul , and closed its consulate following deadly bomb attacks on british interests in the turkish city , a state department official said in london .
china thursday condemned the twin bomb blasts against british interests in <unk> that have killed at least ## , calling terrorism a `` disaster '' for humankind .
kenyan president mwai kibaki on thursday announced that the much-delayed privatisation of state-owned telkom kenya , which has a monopoly on the country 's land lines and international traffic , will be completed by june #### .
china thursday condemned the twin bomb blasts against british interests in istanbul that have killed at least ## , calling terrorism a `` disaster '' for humankind .
a spokesman for georgia 's president eduard shevardnadze thursday denied a german press report that the georgian leader had acquired a ##-million-dollar -lrb- ##-million-euro -rrb- luxury villa in southwest germany .
leaders of a ##-nation grouping of central and eastern european nations met in warsaw on thursday for their last summit before the european union 's eastwards expansion next year .
the massive blasts which shattered two major british institutions in turkey 's biggest city on thursday focussed the spotlight on a previously little known extremist group for the second time in a week .
hundreds of anti-globalization protestors clashed with police here thursday , as trade ministers from across the americas met to discuss a pact that would result in the world 's largest free market area .
french prime minister jean-pierre raffarin on thursday reiterated paris 's support for romania 's bid to join the european union after talks with visiting romanian president ion iliescu .
india on thursday condemned the bomb attacks against british interests in istanbul that killed at least ## , saying the blasts in the turkish city highlighted the need for a united war on terrorism .
the united states warned thursday that more terrorist attacks were possible in istanbul , and closed its consulate following deadly twin bomb attacks on british interests in the turkish city .
the founders of investment firm pilgrim baxter and the pbhg mutual funds were charged with securities fraud thursday by the securities and exchange commission and new york attorney general eliot spitzer .
the two suicide car bomb blasts which killed at least ## people , including the british consul general , and injured more than ### on thursday , were the latest in a long line of attacks in the past two decades of turkey 's turbulent political history .
european parliament president pat cox has received a letter apparently from the militant basque separatist group eta , his spokesman said thursday without specifying its contents .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan presented his condolences to britain following thursday 's massive bomb attack against the british consulate in istanbul .
the mental health of asylum seekers worsens dramatically if they are detained and many plunge into a deep depression , according to a us study published on saturday in the lancet , the british medical weekly .
a schoolyard row between ##-year-old girls escalated into a sectarian riot that left ## churches burned , ## shops looted and a young man fighting for his life , witnesses said here thursday .
the european parliament thursday killed proposed reforms to eu labor laws covering dockers which had sparked a series of strikes across european ports .
iraqi police have arrested several people suspected of involvement in the truck-bomb attack on the un headquarters in baghdad that killed ## people on august ## .
joe calzaghe , who is recovering from flu , said thursday he was postponing next month 's defense of his wbo super-middleweight title against armenia 's <unk> <unk> .
colombian goalkeeper oscar cordoba annouced thursday that he was retiring from the national side for personal reasons and not because of the crisis within the team .
australian batsman brad hodge on thursday penned a new one-year deal with english county cricket side leicestershire .
one us soldier was killed and two wounded thursday when a military convoy was hit by a roadside bomb near the western iraqi town of ramadi , a us military spokesman said .
an american citizen was detained at moscow 's international airport after customs found an undeclared icon , paintings and medals on him , russian news agencies reported thursday .
lithuania 's parliamentary parties have started discussing whether president rolandas paksas should be impeached , three weeks after a security services report accused his office of mafia links , party officials said thursday .
israeli <unk> condolences on behalf of israel to the government and peoples of both turkey and the united kingdom '' , a statement said .
the ##-month crisis crippling ivory coast looked no nearer to resolution thursday after talks between ex-rebels and prime minister seydou diarra failed to return the rebels to the unity government they abandoned in september .
number two computer chipmaker advanced micro devices said thursday it would spend #.# billion dollars in the next four years to build a state-of-the-art manufacturing plant in dresden , germany .
stock markets all over the middle east , except the palestinian al-quds index , posted robust gains this week , most of them capitalising on strong rises recorded during the previous trading week .
fourteen kurdish rebels were killed thursday in clashes with the turkish army in a predominantly kurdish eastern province , officials said .
countries across the middle east , including turkey 's neighbors iran and syria and close ally israel , condemned thursday 's massive bomb blasts against british interests in istanbul which killed ## people .
the german court trying a moroccan man for conspiracy in the september ## attacks will deliver its verdict in early december , presiding judge klaus ruehle said on thursday .
the two sets of bomb attacks which have rocked istanbul in the past days bear all the hallmarks of osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network , senior israeli intelligence sources said thursday .
un secretary general kofi annan on thursday condemned the deadly suicide attacks on british interests in istanbul that killed at least ## people .
after his first few weeks at new club wolves former england great paul gascoigne admitted thursday he 's finding the training is taking its toll on his ##-year-old body .
a comprehensive health plan for aids sufferers in south africa will see life-extending antiretroviral drugs distributed to around ##,### people over the next four months , the government said thursday .
at least ## people including the british consul general were killed and more than ### injured in two powerful bomb attacks against the istanbul consulate and a british bank , interior minister abdulkadir aksu told the anatolia news agency .
visiting german foreign minister joschka fischer expressed his country 's `` shock and dismay '' here thursday after the attacks on british interests that killed at least ## people in istanbul .
us stocks floundered in early trade thursday as strong economic reports failed to shake off jitters about security in the wake of two terrorist bombings in turkey that roiled global markets .
sixteen british anti-terrorist officers are to head to istanbul to assist turkish authorities in investigating the twin <unk> bomb blasts on british interests in <unk> on thursday , scotland yard said .
european stock markets , shaken by the bombings in istanbul , turned weaker here thursday , with the london ftse ### giving up #.## percent to finish at #,### .
debt-ridden dundee are on the brink of bankruptcy but have told their fans they are doing all they can to ensure the club 's future .
the european union condemned thursday the bomb attacks in istanbul as barbaric and evil , and expressed its solidarity with turkey and london in the fight against terror .
the united states warned thursday that more terrorist attacks were possible in istanbul and closed its consulate following deadly twin bomb attacks on british interests in the turkish city .
the head of the organisation of petroleum exporting countries insisted thursday that oil markets were well supplied despite the current price surge , as he gave backing to a new un body aimed at harnessing the security of global energy supplies .
hundreds of anti-globalization protestors clashed with police here thursday , as trade ministers from across the americas met to discuss a pact that would result in the world 's largest free market area .
un secretary general kofi annan on thursday played down russia 's call for an international conference on iraq 's political future , saying it was unclear whether that was how iraqis want to proceed .
the leaders of the imf and world bank appealed thursday for renewed efforts to advance global trade talks , saying removing trade barriers is `` the single most powerful tool '' to reduce poverty and boost living standards .
citibank has closed its branches in turkey after deadly bombing attacks in istanbul , the corporation said thursday .
three-time champions iran became the latest nation to book their place in the #### asian cup finals after a #-# win against lebanon here on wednesday .
us president george w. bush on thursday held out the possibility that us troop levels in iraq could rise despite his intention to begin drawing down their numbers next year .
zimbabwe have made two changes to their team for the first of five one-day internationals against west indies starting here saturday .
police in sweden said thursday they had launched an investigation into reports that someone may have injected rat poison into meat on supermarket shelves , saying animal rights activists may be involved .
us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan called thursday for action to counter `` creeping protectionism '' in the united states and elsewhere that threaten the global economy .
a linguist at the us base in guantanamo bay , cuba who helped interrogate suspected al-qaeda and taliban fighters , pleaded not-guilty thursday to <unk> charges .
a lack of discipline in budgetary policy could fuel inflationary pressures in the ##-country eurozone , the european central bank president jean-claude trichet said thursday in a warning to governments to rein in their runaway deficits .
manufacturing activity expanded at a slower pace in november in the philadelphia region , the federal reserve bank of philadelphia reported thursday .
the italian cabinet on thursday authorised lump-sum compensation payments of ###,### euros -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- to each of the families of the ## italian killed in the nasiriyah bombing in southern iraq .
manchester united and scotland legend denis law is recovering in hospital after being treated for prostate cancer , his former club announced on thursday .
scotland manager berti vogts insisted thursday that he would be keeping faith with his chosen squad despite a #-# thrashing in their euro #### second leg play-off against the netherlands .
six-time world champion michael schumacher insisted on thursday that his recent knee injury will not hamper his assault on an unprecedented seventh title in #### .
the european parliament thursday condemned an extension to military rule in the restive indonesian province of aceh and called on jakarta to revive peace talks with separatist rebels .
cheering protesters toppled an effigy of george w. bush in london 's trafalgar square on thursday , the high point of their biggest protest against the us president 's state visit to britain .
the two sets of bomb attacks which have rocked istanbul in the past days bear all the hallmarks of osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network , senior israeli intelligence sources said thursday .
australia has asked france for permission to interrogate a frenchman suspected of plotting a terror attack on australian soil , sources closed to the investigation said thursday .
cheering protesters toppled an effigy of george w. bush in london 's trafalgar square on thursday , the high point of their biggest protest against the us president 's state visit to britain .
serbia and montenegro on thursday condemned a new spate of deadly attacks in istanbul which killed ## people , the foreign ministry said in a statement .
oil prices weakened on thursday despite a double bombing in istanbul which killed ## people , as the market reacted instead to positive supply news from industry cartel opec .
a hungarian subcontractor died in a car accident earlier this week , becoming the first hungarian casualty in post-war iraq , the foreign ministry said in a statement thursday .
cepsa , spain 's second-largest oil company , said thursday it has signed a contract with iraq 's somo to purchase ## million barrels of crude over six months .
the us government 's broadcaster has put off until next year the launch of an arabic television channel , a spokeswoman said thursday .
a senior official from the organisation for security and co-operation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- on thursday sharply criticised the former soviet republic of azerbaijan over a presidential election last month which was marred by ballot-rigging .
the dollar came under pressure here thursday following the bombings in istanbul but later firmed a bit as traders took note of positive economic news from the united states .
the european parliament thursday attacked a crackdown on dissident religious groups in vietnam and demanded the eu get tough with the communist-run country .
kenyan president mwai kibaki on thursday launched the first ever joint public-private sector initiative to oversee the country 's efforts to revive its troubled economy in a <unk> world .
a ##-year-old bosnian serb man `` died '' and was brought back to life ## times in two days after suffering a heart attack , his doctor said thursday .
the european union is to grant kenya ## million euros , about -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- to finance the reconstruction of a key road , finance minister david mwiraria said on thursday .
the european parliament on thursday strongly condemned a `` serious wave of repression of religious freedom '' in vietnam , notably against buddhists and christians .
a report commissioned by the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- has accused montenegro 's police and deputy prosecutor of trying to cover up a high-profile prostitution scandal allegedly involving senior political and judicial figures .
at one stage on the back nine it looked like jack nicklaus 's us team might <unk> win .
italian fashion designer and fragrance maker loris <unk> , famous for dressing actresses sophia loren and raquel welch , died thursday in paris at the age of ## , the owners of his couture house announced .
peruvian writer mario vargas llosa will friday receive a doctorate <unk> causa of letters from oxford university , publishing house alfaguara said .
the us department of justice said thursday that more than ### people had been arrested or convicted in the government 's largest-ever crackdown on internet fraud , after an ongoing security sweep uncovered multiple victims ' losses of over ### million dollars .
nato said thursday it has no plans to change the venue of an alliance summit scheduled in istanbul next year , after the latest bomb attacks on british interests there killed at least ## people .
the ukrainian parliament on thursday failed to ratify a multi-party accord establishing a pipeline to transport russian oil from russia to the mediterranean .
cuba and russia are to step up their cooperation as a result of growing tensions in the global situation , a top russian official said thursday .
the un security council on thursday passed a declaration calling for a conference on returning stability to the troubled great lakes region of central africa to be held next year .
us attorney general john <unk> , said al-qaeda appeared to be the main suspect for the twin bombings in istanbul on thursday that killed at least ## people .
amelie mauresmo put france #-# up in their fed cup world group semi-final tie here on thursday rallying from a one-set deficit to see off top russian anastasia myskina .
jewish leaders in france expressed outrage thursday over the installation of a circus on the site of the <unk> detention center outside paris , through which ##,### jews passed en route to nazi death camps .
suicide bombers struck again in istanbul on thursday , killing the british consul general and at least ## other civilians in attacks clearly timed to coincide with us president george w. bush 's state visit to britain .
russian president vladimir putin on thursday conveyed his condolences to turkish and british leaders after moscow condemned the suicide bombings that targeted british interests in istanbul , killing ## people and wounding ### others .
egyptian prime minister atef ebeid stood in for president hosni mubarak at a religious ceremony thursday evening after doctors advised the head of state `` to rest '' , public television reported .
south africa 's national assembly thursday overwhelmingly approved a slew of measures to combat terrorism in the first comprehensive package drafted since the end of apartheid in #### .
chicago federal reserve president michael moskow said thursday he sees the us economy on a `` solid '' growth path , but with considerable `` slack , '' which poses a threat in the future .
us overseer paul bremer held talks thursday in arbil , in iraqi kurdistan , with massoud barzani , a prominent kurdish member of iraq 's us-installed governing council .
tycoon conrad black stepped down two days ahead of schedule as chief executive of media giant hollinger international , as the company scrambled to provide key financial documents to us regulators .
the us department of justice said thursday that more than ### people had been arrested or convicted in the government 's largest-ever crackdown on internet fraud , after an ongoing security sweep uncovered multiple victims ' losses of over ### million dollars .
former french and australian open winner mary pierce secured france a fed cup final showdown this weekend with the united states following a three-set win over russian vera zvonareva .
an iraqi woman and her six sons were arrested in the hotspot western town of fallujah for `` operating an independent anti-coalition cell , '' the us military said thursday .
the un 's rights committee on thursday began formal discussions on a resolution proposed by canada condemning the human rights situation in iran .
the foreign office in london confirmed that british consul general roger short , ## , was killed in thursday 's suicide bomb attacks in istanbul .
the united states believes parliamentary elections in georgia , that handed electoral victory to the party of georgia 's embattled president eduard shevardnadze , reflect `` massive vote fraud , '' a us state department spokesman said thursday .
the istanbul stock exchange said thursday it would be closed on friday , following deadly suicide bombings in the city , and will reopen on december # at the end of a previously scheduled ##-day religious holiday .
the united states believes parliamentary elections in georgia , that handed victory to the party of georgia 's embattled president eduard shevardnadze , reflect `` massive vote fraud , '' a us state department spokesman said thursday .
the foreign office in london confirmed that british consul general roger short , ## , was killed in thursday 's suicide bomb attacks in istanbul .
spain on thursday told european commission president romano prodi and its eu partners that madrid was doubling its contribution to the iter energy project to ### million euros -lrb- #.## million dollars -rrb- .
prosecutions of arab and muslim americans in michigan , seen as the center of the us-arab community have shot up since the september ## attacks , the detroit news reported thursday .
roger short , ## , the british consul general killed in thursday 's double suicide bomb attack in istanbul , was a career diplomat and a specialist on turkey .
britain 's queen elizabeth ii won a gag order thursday to prevent further media revelations concerning the embarrassing exposure of buckingham palace 's security by an undercover reporter .
zambia 's ruling party has retained two parliamentary seats and won one previously held by the opposition in by-elections held early this week , an electoral official announced thursday .
the cia began an internal review of raw intelligence to see whether it supports the pre-war assessments that iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction , an intelligence official said thursday .
iran on wednesday condemned devastating bomb blasts against british interests in istanbul but accused the united states of creating `` a context '' for such attacks by using force in the fight against extremists .
the israeli army staged an incursion late thursday into the palestinian settlement of tubas , near the northern west bank town of jenin , palestinian security sources said .
the foreign office in london confirmed that british consul general roger short , ## , was killed in thursday 's suicide bomb attacks in istanbul .
spanish authorities have stepped up security at the saudi embassy in madrid , an afp photographer noted here thursday as spanish police had positioned an armored vehicle in front of the building .
michael jackson fans circled the wagons around their idol here thursday , but some were less supportive and still others said they were awaiting the outcome of the pop star 's latest legal travails .
russia halved its production of black caviar in #### to ## tonnes and reduced its exports of the delicacy from ## tonnes last year to ## tonnes this year , state fisheries officials said thursday .
roger short , the british consul general killed in thursday 's double suicide bomb attack in istanbul , was a career diplomat and a specialist on turkey .
the united states and britain are tracking a number of henchmen of former liberian president charles taylor to bring them before a un-backed war crimes court in sierra leone , a diplomatic source in abidjan said thursday .
prosecutors on thursday charged legendary us record producer phil spector with the murder of a blonde b-movie actress in his hilltop mansion in february , officials said .
prosecutors on thursday charged legendary us record producer phil spector with the murder of a b-movie actress in his hilltop mansion nine months ago , officials said .
british foreign minister jack straw arrived in istanbul on thursday evening following two suicide bomb attacks on the british consulate and the hsbc bank in the city .
toyota 's redesigned hybrid-electric sedan won motor trend 's coveted car of the year award , the car enthusiast magazine said thursday .
singer michael jackson on thursday surrendered himself to police on an arrest warrant for charges of child molestation , sheriff jim anderson said .
the founders of investment firm pilgrim baxter and the pbhg mutual funds were charged with securities fraud thursday by the securities and exchange commission and new york attorney general eliot spitzer .
us first lady laura bush admitted on thursday to being `` slightly intimidated '' by the grandeur of buckingham palace but said she and her husband had been put at ease when they discovered similarities between themselves and their hosts .
rwandan police on thursday seized copies of the country 's only independent newspaper and arrested its director and at least two of his journalists on charges of libel and `` <unk> .
singer michael jackson on thursday arrived handcuffed at santa barbara jail to be charged with child abuse , witnesses saw .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has postponed a planned trip to bosnia following deadly bomb attacks against british targets in istanbul , his office said thursday .
singer michael jackson on thursday surrendered himself to police on an arrest warrant for charges of child molestation , sheriff jim anderson said .
countries across the middle east , including turkey 's neighbors iran and syria and close ally israel , condemned thursday 's massive bomb blasts against british interests in istanbul which killed ## people .
british foreign minister jack straw arrived in istanbul on thursday evening to visit the site of two devastating suicide bomb attacks on the british consulate and the hsbc bank in the city .
chelsea striker mikael forssell will stay on loan at birmingham city until the end of the season , the midlands club announced on thursday .
canada 's foreign minister bill graham condemned twin bombings , which killed up to ## people in istanbul on thursday , as `` depraved acts of terror .
the united states confirmed thursday its desire to take up iran 's nuclear program before the un security council , which could place sanctions on the islamic republic .
german striker uwe <unk> has thanked manchester city fans for helping him in his fight against cancer .
the remains of seven navy crewmembers of a us bomber that disappeared on a mission against japan in world war ii have been recovered in russia and returned to their families for burial with full military honors , the pentagon said thursday .
the largest diamond ever to go under the hammer failed to find a buyer at a sotheby 's sale in geneva on thursday in what was supposed to be the climax of a glittering week of jewellery auctions .
us stocks wilted in a late-day selloff thursday as healthy economic news failed to calm geopolitical fears after the istanbul bomb attacks .
three employees of british-based banking giant hsbc were killed and about ## others injured thursday in a suicide car bomb attack outside the bank 's headquarters in istanbul , a spokesman said .
the united nations said early friday its secretariat would open its first office in china later this month .
british foreign minister jack straw visited the british consulate in istanbul on thursday after the site was rocked by one of two deadly bomb attacks in turkey 's biggest city .
english champions manchester united may have to settle for a loan deal if they want to snap up highly-rated chinese striker dong fangzhou .
egyptian prime minister atef ebeid stood in for president hosni mubarak at a religious ceremony thursday evening after doctors advised the flu-stricken head of state to rest , public television reported .
president of the united arab emirates zayed bin sultan al-nahyan returned thursday to abu dhabi after `` successful '' surgery in britain to remove a gallstone , the official wam news agency reported here .
the european union condemned thursday the anti-british bomb attacks in istanbul as barbaric and evil , and expressed its solidarity with turkey and london in the fight against terror .
walt disney co. said thursday its most recent quarterly profit jumped to ### million dollars , more than double the ### million dollars one year ago as cinema and media earnings offset declines at theme parks .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei said thursday it was possible he and israeli counterpart ariel sharon could draw up a peace deal within six months .
the italian government said thursday it had shelved a decree authorising the construction of a single storage site for all the country 's radioactive nuclear waste following widespread protests .
walt disney co. said thursday its most recent quarterly profit jumped to ### million dollars , more than double the ### million a year ago as cinema and media earnings offset declines at theme parks .
the united states had no intelligence indicating istanbul would be struck by fresh terror attacks like those that rocked the turkish capital earlier thursday , a us department of state spokesman said .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- , a collaboration of the united states , russia , europe , japan and canada , celebrated five years in orbit on thursday .
the un security council unanimously passed a resolution on thursday condemning the attacks on british targets in turkey as well as the bombing of two istanbul synagogues earlier in the week .
turkish investigators were on thursday trying to piece together the details of the bloodiest extremist attacks in the country 's history -- two almost simultaneous explosions at british facilities in istanbul that killed at least ## people and injured more than ### .
annika sorenstam 's sizzling season on the lpga tour has helped boost the popularity of the women 's golf circuit to an all-time high , commissioner ty votaw said thursday .
superstar michael jackson and his entourage cooperated with police and his booking on child sex abuse charges went off smoothly thursday , a police spokesman said .
stocks wilted thursday as healthy economic news from the us failed to calm security fears on wall street and global financial markets after two more deadly bomb attacks in istanbul .
the dollar , battered in recent sessions , drifted mainly lower thursday after the impact of the bombings in istanbul was partly offset by positive economic news from the united states .
tycoon conrad black stepped down two days ahead of schedule as chief executive of media giant hollinger international , while the company scrambled to provide financial documents to us regulators .
oklahoma state officials said thursday they were dropping criminal fraud charges against former worldcom chief executive bernie ebbers , but intend to refile the charges next year .
tom sneddon , the santa barbara district attorney who filed child molestation charges against michael jackson , has a longstanding rivalry with the pop superstar .
the united states warned thursday that more terrorist attacks were possible in istanbul and closed its consulate following deadly twin bomb strikes on british interests in the turkish city .
the canadian government advised its citizens to defer all tourist travel to istanbul , where twin suicide bomb attacks on the british consulate and a british bank killed at least ## people thursday .
deep in sleepy south-west england , latvia 's progress to the finals of euro #### was being cheered by at least one man .
the boeing company said thursday that it will design and build its new #e# dreamliner jet in everett , washington , but two thirds of the structure and components will be <unk> .
mark geragos , the lawyer pop star michael jackson chose to defend him against child molestation charges , has made a career of representing celebrities in high-profile cases .
michael jackson was freed on bail thursday after being booked by police on child abuse charges that he branded as `` lies '' before immediately flying out of town .
us state officials overseeing billions of dollars urged regulators thursday to demand stricter reforms at the new york stock exchange -lrb- nyse -rrb- , saying current plans would fail to protect investors .
michael jackson was freed on bail thursday after being booked by police on child abuse charges that he branded as `` lies '' before immediately flying out of town .
britain 's foreign office said thursday it had information suggesting that further attacks may be attempted in turkey , following deadly suicide car bombs on british interests in istanbul .
mexico 's un ambassador adolfo aguilar zinser , sacked for saying the united states treated his nation as a `` backyard , '' quit thursday saying he had simply told the truth .
talks on a free trade area of the americas were set to wrap up one day early with a `` realistic '' deal that scales back the original plan for a free trade bloc of ## nations , officials said thursday .
talks on a free trade area of the americas were set to wrap up one day early with a `` realistic '' deal that scales back the original plan for a free trade bloc of ## nations , officials said thursday .
the un security council unanimously passed a resolution on thursday condemning the attacks on british targets in turkey as well as the bombing of two istanbul synagogues earlier in the week .
the mental health of asylum seekers worsens dramatically if they are detained and many plunge into a deep depression , according to a us study published on saturday in the lancet , the british medical weekly .
mexico 's un ambassador , adolfo aguilar zinser , sacked for saying the united states treated his nation as a `` backyard , '' quit thursday saying he had simply told the truth .
prosecutors on thursday charged us record producer phil spector with the murder of an actress in his hilltop mansion nine months ago , officials said .
britain thursday warned that further attacks may be attempted in turkey , following deadly suicide car bombs on british interests in istanbul , and warned citizens against travel to all major turkish cities .
prosecutions of arab and muslim americans in a midwestern city that is home to a large concentration of american arabs have shot up since the september ## attacks , the detroit news reported thursday .
share prices in tokyo opened lower friday with the nikkei-### index losing ##.## points or #.## percent to #,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
armed men snatched a ##-year-old girl and shot her nanny and driver friday in the latest kidnapping to hit the philippines , just days after an abducted coca-cola executive died in captivity , radio reports said .
oil prices eased thursday , despite a deadly double bombing in istanbul , as the market reacted instead to positive supply news from industry cartel opec .
celtic go into two crucial games in the space of four days on saturday boosted by news that english midfielder alan thompson ise of sitting on the sidelines for the season , '' thompson said .
south korea 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- grew #.# percent year-on-year in the third quarter to september , ending two consecutive quarters of quarter-on-quarter contraction , the central bank said friday .
the united states cautioned its citizens to defer non-essential travel to turkey on thursday , warning new terror attacks could follow twin blasts aimed at british targets in istanbul .
at least seven people died and dozens were wounded in two car bombings in iraq as us president george w. bush and british prime minister tony blair vowed to complete the job of taming terrorism and stabilizing the country .
south korea 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- grew #.# percent year-on-year in the third quarter to september , ending two consecutive quarters of quarter-on-quarter contraction , the central bank said friday .
the united states thursday condemned georgia 's final legislative vote tally as a fraud , casting doubt on the renewed mandate of president eduard shevardnadze , a onetime darling of washington .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the kansas city chiefs look to rebound from their first loss of the national football league season sunday when they host afc west rivals oakland at arrowhead stadium .
hong kong police friday stepped up security in the former british colony following the suicide car bomb attacks in turkey .
national football league players whose old samples tested positive for the banned steroid thg will not be suspended this year , commissioner paul tagliabue announced thursday .
hong kong share prices fell #.## percent in opening trade friday on weakness in heavyweight hsbc holdings after the car bomb attack outside the bank 's headquarters in turkey , dealers said .
britain friday warned that further attacks may be attempted in turkey , following deadly suicide car bombs on british interests in istanbul , and warned citizens against travel to all major turkish cities .
the dollar advanced against the yen and euro in tokyo friday in response to fears of further dollar-buying intervention by the japanese authorities , dealers said .
prime minister john howard reassured australia 's concerned farmers friday there would be no free trade deal if the united states did not agree to significant agricultural concessions .
michael jackson 's <unk> came to the besieged pop icon 's defense thursday , saying that she and pals often slept in the same room with him and that nothing sexual or strange took place .
tom sneddon , the santa barbara district attorney who filed child molestation charges against michael jackson , has a longstanding rivalry with the pop superstar .
prime minister john howard on friday urged authorities to `` throw the book '' at animal rights activists accused of feeding pig meat to ##,### middle <unk> sheep .
the body of a soldier who was killed during a border patrol in papua province has been returned to indonesia from papua new guinea , the military said friday .
cardinal jaime sin , the powerful spiritual leader of roman catholic philippines , formally stepped down friday with a plea to filipino politicians to be more responsible in their jobs .
iraq 's deteriorating security situation has forced the thai military to postpone a mission to check on the safety of more than ### troops there , officials said after a mortar attack on the troops ' base .
despite all the <unk> in the australian media , wallabies captain george gregan revealed on friday that he got on like a house on fire with opposite number martin johnson .
president gloria arroyo of the philippines condemned friday the bombing attacks that killed ## and wounded hundreds in turkey and called on anti-terror allies to fight back .
creditors and lg group are engaged in a tug-of-war over terms for bailing out lg card hours before huge debts owed by the country 's largest credit card company mature , banking sources said friday .
trading in retail gold at the bank of china got off to a roaring start , with punters buying and selling some ##,### grams -lrb- ### ounces -rrb- in the first three days , state press reported friday .
top us and south korea envoys continued talks friday to ease north korea 's nuclear crisis as a us-led consortium is set to announce the suspension of a nuclear power plant project in the communist state .
philippine share prices closed mixed friday after tracking losses on wall street and dampened by the fresh wave of bombings in istanbul and kidnappings in manila , brokers said .
leading chinese scholars friday warned taiwan against using the #### beijing olympics as an opportunity to seek independence , as they reinforced a recent wave of war threats from the mainland .
hong kong share prices fell #.## percent in morning trade on friday on weakness in heavyweight hsbc holdings after the bank 's headquarters in turkey was hit by a car bomb , dealers said .
a second suspect in the deadly marriott hotel bombing will soon go on trial and faces the death penalty if convicted under an anti-terror law , indonesian police said friday .
china unicom , the mainland 's second largest mobile phone operator , said friday it will pay ##.# billion yuan -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- to acquire mobile telecoms networks from parent china united telecommunications in nine chinese provinces .
oil prices were virtually unchanged in asian trade friday after comments by the organisation of petroleum exporting countries ' -lrb- opec 's -rrb- secretary general on market stability , dealers said .
the group editor-in-chief of malaysia 's government-linked new straits times said friday he had been sacked , less than a month after new prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi took office .
in a sweeping drive to make the national capital safer for women , indian police arrested ### men in a single day for sexually pestering women commuting to work on suburban trains , police said friday .
philippine police arrested friday four suspected chinese drug traffickers and a filipino and seized more than a ton of methamphetamine <unk> or `` ice '' in the country 's biggest drug bust .
world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- regional chief shigeru omi on friday urged china to ratify a global anti-smoking treaty to curb tobacco use that he says kills a million chinese every year .
police arrested a frenchman for climbing up the sydney harbour bridge friday in an embarassing security breach just a day ahead of the rugby world cup final .
around ##,### minibus taxi drivers in kenya on thursday night ended a strike that had paralysed commuter transport across the east african nation since monday , police said .
philippine share prices closed mixed friday after tracking losses on wall street and dampened by the fresh wave of bombings in istanbul and kidnappings in manila , brokers said .
new zealand share prices closed down #.## percent friday after world market worries about the latest wave of terrorism , dealers said .
a teenaged girl and a man were killed and a woman injured when indian and pakistani troops traded fire for several hours over their de facto border in kashmir , police said friday .
australian shares closed down #.## percent friday as the <unk> suicide bombings sparked fears of a fresh terrorist campaign , brokers said .
one person was confirmed dead and nine were missing after two boats collided off sulawesi in eastern indonesia , a port official said friday .
china 's hafei aviation industry on friday inked a deal to build helicopters in the northeast of the country with france 's eurocopter and singapore technologies aerospace .
australian police arrested a frenchman for climbing up the sydney harbour bridge friday in an embarassing security breach just a day ahead of the rugby world cup final .
the australian government said friday it had frozen the assets of six leaders of the militant palestinian group hamas and four associated charities .
taiwan share prices closed flat friday as bargain-hunting offset losses after deadly bomb attacks in istanbul sent stock markets around the world lower , dealers said .
the dollar was steady against the yen in tokyo friday as the negative effect of terrorist attacks was offset by fears of yen-selling intervention by japanese authorities , dealers said .
thailand on friday condemned the istanbul bombings and warned thais to avoid traveling to turkey until the security situation there improves .
smoke could be seen pouring out of the iraqi oil ministry after rockets slammed into the building early on friday , but a us military official said there had been no casualties and the fire was under control .
us civil rights leader jesse jackson said thursday he had `` grave concerns '' over prosecutors ' handling of michael jackson 's child abuse case , branding a huge raid on his home as `` overkill .
australia 's competition watchdog said friday it dropped legal action against flagship carrier qantas over alleged abuse of market power .
indonesian police were friday questioning a man who had driven to a local airport with ## kilograms -lrb- ### pounds -rrb- of potassium chloride , a potential explosive similar to that used in the bali bombing .
australian shares closed down #.## percent friday as the istanbul suicide bombings sparked fears of a fresh terrorist campaign , brokers said .
indonesia 's military said friday it has killed four more rebels in aceh province , where troops are in the seventh month of an offensive to crush separatist guerrillas .
australian prime minister john howard threatened friday to pull out of a free trade deal with the united states if washington did not agree to significant agricultural concessions , in comments pitched at concerned local farmers .
australian test captain steve waugh on friday warned against rushing brett lee back into the national team for the india series before the tearaway speedster has regained match fitness .
south korean share prices closed mixed friday , with news of rocket attacks on the oil ministry in baghdad towards the market 's close curbing foreign investors ' bargain-hunting interest in bluechips , dealers said .
vietnam airlines has begun direct flights between ho chi minh city and the south korean city of busan in response to growing business ties between the two countries .
turkish newspapers on friday squarely laid the blame for the two suicide car bomb attacks in istanbul which killed at least ## people and wounded hundreds more on osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network .
pakistan risks being bombed and sanctioned unless it eradicates `` senseless '' religious extremism , president pervez musharraf warned in comments reported friday .
south korea 's economy grew #.# percent from last year in the three months to september , ending two consecutive quarters of quarter-on-quarter contraction , the central bank said friday .
a french daredevil dubbed `` spiderman '' on friday made a mockery of a security clampdown in australia on the eve of the rugby world cup final by scaling the sydney harbour bridge wearing only climbing pants and shorts .
philippine share prices could be due for a technical rebound next week though political and security concerns would cap any upside , dealers said friday .
former us president bill clinton said friday the aids epidemic will never be stopped without affordable medicine , as he visited an indian pharmaceutical giant taking part in his drive to provide cheaper treatment to poor countries .
australian police friday dropped charges against chris martin , lead singer of british band coldplay , who was accused of vandalising a photographer 's car during the band 's tour of australia .
new zealand named seven new comers friday for a short tour of pakistan next month .
a total of ### chinese police officers have been killed in the line of duty so far this year , state media reported friday .
producer prices in germany were unchanged in october from september and were up #.# percent from a year earlier , the federal statistics office said friday .
british foreign secretary jack straw on friday described the twin bomb blasts on british targets in istanbul as an `` attack on civilisation .
cambodia 's warring political parties were no closer friday to forming a government , with a row over a lawsuit against a party chief the latest impediment in nearly four months of <unk> .
myanmar 's military government hit out at the united states friday after washington put it on a financial blacklist and said the ruling generals had failed to crack down on money laundering .
thailand 's government on friday guaranteed the safety of fugitive banker rakesh saxena who is fighting an extradition order that would bring him from canada to face trial for embezzlement .
philippine finance secretary jose isidro camacho announced friday he was stepping down from his post .
new zealand named seven new comers friday for a short tour of pakistan next month .
australian test captain steve waugh on friday warned against rushing brett lee back into the national team for the india series before the tearaway speedster has regained match fitness .
thailand tightened security at the turkish embassy and other missions friday after condemning the istanbul bombings and warning thais to avoid traveling to turkey until the security situation improves .
a south korean parliamentary mission and diplomats were staying at a hotel in baghdad when it came under rocket attack on friday , officials here said .
a driver who was carrying a vanload of chemicals sparked a brief security scare on friday in indonesia , which is on alert for terrorist attacks .
pipeline inflation in germany slowed in october , data published by the federal statistics office on friday showed .
hong kong gold prices closed higher friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the nigerian navy has freed all ## oil workers held hostage by an armed gang on two us-owned offshore platforms off the southern coast of the country , a navy spokesman told afp friday .
visiting british foreign secretary jack straw on friday described the twin bomb blasts on british targets in istanbul as an indiscriminate `` attack on civilisation .
former turkish prime minister tansu ciller drew a link friday between the suicide bomb attacks in istanbul and opponents of turkey 's efforts to move closer to the west and join the european union .
crisis club leeds united were reported friday to be set to make gordon strachan their new manager as soon as they reach agreement with southampton over his pay-off .
the sri lankan president 's party said friday it was ready to end its power struggle with the prime minister and attempt a fresh deal on governing together within three weeks .
wet ground conditions caused by heavy overnight rain have delayed the start of the second one-day international between england and sri lanka here on friday .
mexico 's un ambassador , adolfo aguilar zinser , sacked for saying the united states treated his nation as a `` backyard , '' has decided to quit saying he had simply told the truth .
philippine finance secretary jose isidro camacho , the most senior economic adviser to president gloria arroyo , announced friday that he is quitting his post .
world champions brazil whipped winless tunisia on friday to remain unbeaten with five straight victories in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament .
crisis club leeds united were reported friday to be set to make gordon strachan their new manager as soon as they reach agreement with southampton over his pay-off .
a makeshift rocket launcher with ## rockets in its tubes was found in a street near the italian embassy in baghdad early friday shortly after rocket attacks on iraq 's oil ministry and main media hotels , afp correspondents said .
malaysia , current chair of the ##-member organisation of the islamic conference , on friday denounced the string of bomb attacks in turkey as un-islamic .
the former president of the central african republic , david dacko , has died in a hospital in the cameroon capital , aged ## , his family said here friday .
the nigerian navy has freed all ## oil workers held hostage by an armed gang on two us-owned offshore platforms off the southern coast of the country , a navy spokesman told afp friday .
eddie jordan is looking for chinese business partners and drivers for his formula one racing team .
hong kong marked five full years of deflation on friday after government figures showed consumer prices fell in october compared to a year earlier , although the figures were better than september 's due to continued improvement in the economy .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said friday that `` several arrests '' have been made in connection with thursday 's bomb attacks in istanbul that killed ## people and wounded hundreds more .
south korea friday said there was no link between an attack on a baghdad hotel housing a diplomatic mission from seoul and the country 's decision to send troops to iraq .
nine people were killed and six badly injured friday in a road accident in indonesia 's east java province , police said .
great britain 's australian coach david waite will stand down after saturday 's third test against australia .
an islamic preacher who was expelled from italy to his native senegal as a potential threat to public security denied that he had links to the muslim extremist osama bin laden , but described him as a `` great man .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul said friday that `` several arrests '' have been made in connection with thursday 's bomb attacks in istanbul that killed ## people and wounded hundreds more .
french food giant danone said friday that its negotiations on a one-billion-dollar -lrb- ###.# billion euro -rrb- takeover bid for russian food group wimm-bill-dann have been terminated .
a second makeshift launcher with ## rockets in its tubes was found concealed under hay on a donkey cart near the italian embassy in baghdad on friday , an afp correspondent said .
sergio garcia hit a sizzling six-under-par ## friday to take the lead in the dunlop phoenix golf tournament , equalling the tournament record for the first ## holes .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent lower friday on profit-taking in technology stocks amid an absence of positive factors to justify recent strength in the sector , dealers said .
the german financial sector regulatory authority called friday for the creation of a european credit rating agency as a counterweight to the big anglo-saxon houses such as standard and poor 's , currently under fire in germany .
wet ground conditions caused by heavy overnight rain have delayed the start of the second one-day international between england and sri lanka here on friday .
bangladesh , world 's third largest muslim nation , friday condemned the bomb attacks in turkey that claimed a large number of innocent lives , the official bss news agency reported .
taiwan 's unemployment rate fell to a six-month low in october , reflecting an improving job market amid an economic recovery , official data showed friday .
hundreds of scientists and tourists were making final preparations friday to become the first people ever to see a total solar eclipse in antarctica .
more than ## vietnamese companies have been suspended from sending labourers to taiwan after taipei threatened to stop receiving guest workers from the communist nation , state media said friday .
indonesian share prices closed #.## percent higher friday on speculative buying and likely intervention from certain parties to keep the market in positive territory when it resumes trading in december , dealers said .
british foreign secretary jack straw said on friday that the world had to work together to confront the global terror threat , following two sets of deadly attacks in istanbul in less than a week .
construction will start next year on a new high-tech satellite city on bangkok 's outskirts , free from the pollution and congestion which plagues the thai capital , the government said friday .
chinese supermarket chain wumart stores soared as much as much as ## percent on its hong kong stock exchange debut on friday , bucking the broader market 's trend .
the former president of the central african republic , david dacko , has died in a hospital in the cameroon capital , aged ## , his family said here friday .
a saudi wanted by police on several security-related charges has turned himself in to saudi authorities , the interior ministry spokesman said friday .
greek border police on friday arrested a turkish truck driver hiding ## illegal would-be migrants , most from china , in his <unk> vehicle .
the un atomic watchdog may not be able to reach a decision before next week on how to judge iran for hiding nuclear activities , the international atomic energy agency chief said friday .
egypt 's president hosni mubarak has seen his health `` stabilize '' and temperature return to normal , on a week in which he has curtailed his schedule due to a heavy dose of flu , a confidant said friday .
a kenyan judge on friday adjourned for a week the trial of of six kenyans accused of involvement in last year 's bombing of an israeli-owned hotel in mombasa , for which osama bin laden 's al qaeda network has claimed responsibility .
two makeshift launchers with a total of ## rockets in their tubes were found near the italian embassy in baghdad on friday shortly after morning rocket attacks on iraq 's oil ministry and main media hotels .
german interior minister otto schily called on the european union to encourage turkey 's membership bid in the wake of the deadly suicide attacks in istanbul .
the number of companies that failed in germany fell for the first time in two and a half years in august , data published by the federal statistics office on friday showed .
wet ground conditions caused by heavy overnight rain have delayed the start of the second one-day international between england and sri lanka here on friday .
malaysian share prices rose #.## percent after last-minute institutional support of selected bluechips reversed earlier losses , dealers said .
the thai stock market edged down #.## percent friday in line with regional markets after the deadly bombings in turkey , in extremely volatile trade , analysts said .
us banking giant citibank said friday it has filed a criminal complaint against a former branch manager in japan on suspicion of embezzling depositors ' savings totalling #.# billion yen -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- .
malaysian share prices rose #.## percent friday after last-minute institutional support of selected bluechips reversed earlier losses , dealers said .
european stock markets were in subdued mood in early trading on friday as sentiment remained cautious in the wake of the previous day 's bombings in turkey , in the absence of much company news .
the swiss organisers of the next america 's cup revealed friday that a clear favorite had still not emerged among the four south european ports vying to to host the event in #### but the choice must be made this weekend .
top us and south korean envoys friday fine-tuned a security assurance for north korea ahead of planned nuclear crisis talks as a us-led consortium was set to suspend an energy project in the communist state .
saudi arabia , kuwait , the united arab emirates , and bahrain denounced friday as `` acts of terrorism '' the deadly attacks against british interests carried out in downtown istanbul .
taiwan shares are likely to stage a technical rebound next week after recent losses triggered by foreign selling and weakness on wall street , dealers said friday .
french food giant danone said friday that its negotiations on a one-billion-dollar -lrb- ###.# billion euro -rrb- takeover bid for russian food group wimm-bill-dann have been terminated .
tibet 's government-in-exile friday protested a `` provocative '' chinese ban on portraits of the dalai lama in two tibetan autonomous areas of the southwestern sichuan province .
india 's supreme court on friday halted all trials stemming from last year 's communal violence in the western state of gujarat , criticising the slow pace of prosecution by the state 's hindu nationalists .
construction work on the world 's tallest skyscraper , taipei ### , was halted on friday after dozens of steel plates crashed from the building 's ##th floor on to the street below , injuring four people .
the german-us auto giant daimlerchrysler said friday it has agreed to sell its aero engine maker mtu to the us private equity firm kohlberg kravis and roberts .
rubber prices in singapore climbed friday on smaller volumes , dealers said .
indian share prices rebounded #.## percent friday on fresh buying in select new and old economy stocks , dealers said .
around ## people were injured friday in a suspected bomb blast near a mosque in the western indian state of maharashtra , provincial home minister <unk> singh said .
eu external relations commissioner chris patten is due to visit sri lanka next week for talks with the quarreling prime minister and president and the top tamil tiger rebel leader , diplomats said friday .
japanese shares are likely to trade in a narrow range in the coming week as investors are seen staying on the sidelines amid growing concerns about terrorist attacks , brokers said friday .
british foreign secretary jack straw insisted friday that the deadly attacks against british interests in istanbul were not linked to the country 's role alongside the united states in the war on iraq .
the german-us auto giant daimlerchrysler said friday it has agreed to sell its aero engine maker mtu to the us private equity firm kohlberg kravis and roberts .
yahoo inc. said it will pay up to ### million dollars in cash to buy #### network software co. , a company that provides the technology for the chinese language search engine #### .
leeds united midfielder jody morris , facing trial for alleged rape , is ready to face any venom from opposing fans after being cleared to play for the club .
the thai stock market edged down #.## percent friday in line with regional markets after the deadly bombings in turkey , in extremely volatile trade , analysts said .
us president george w. bush arrived in northeast england on friday from london for a day of leisure on the final day of his state visit to britain .
england midfielder jermaine jenas has signed a new five-year contract at newcastle united , the english premiership said friday .
iraqi police will react with force to attacks by anti-coalition insurgents , police chief ahmed ibrahim warned friday .
oil prices gained ground on friday after a rocket attack on the iraqi oil ministry in baghdad raised fears of yet another delay to efforts to boost the country 's crude exports .
malaysian share prices may weaken further in the upcoming holiday-shortened week after falling one percent in the week to friday , analysts said friday .
the number of companies that failed in germany fell for the first time in two and a half years in august , data published by the federal statistics office on friday showed .
indian troops friday arrested ### bangladeshis on the tense kashmir border who allegedly tried to enter pakistan illegally in hope of finding work , a military official said .
british foreign secretary jack straw insisted friday that the deadly attacks against british interests in istanbul were not linked to the country 's role alongside the united states in the war on iraq .
germany called friday on the european union to open its arms to turkey after the deadly suicide bombings in istanbul and encourage its bid for membership in the bloc .
consumer price inflation picked up slightly in a key german state in november , official data showed on friday .
the foreign office said friday it has `` information '' of more possible attacks in turkey , the day after a double suicide bombing in istanbul that left at least ## dead , including four britons .
indian share prices rebounded #.## percent friday on fresh buying in select new and old economy stocks , dealers said .
a kenyan judge on friday adjourned the trial of six kenyans accused of involvement in last year 's bombing of an israeli-owned hotel in mombasa , for which osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network has claimed responsibility .
hundreds of thousands of iranians protested against israel here on the last friday of the muslim holy month of ramadan , marking the jerusalem day initiated by the late ayatollah khomeini to support the palestinians .
tennis legend john mcenroe is to start coaching british players next week in what he hopes will be a long-term attempt to regenerate the sport in this country .
asian stock markets were mixed on friday with bargain-hunters moving in after falls due to concerns about the threat of terrorism after attacks in istanbul and baghdad .
tiger woods was n't firing but this did not stop the united states , captained by jack nicklaus , fighting back friday to make it all square after the second of five sessions in the presidents cup .
the widow of an istanbul suicide bomber who blew himself up attacking a synagogue in the historic city on saturday , said she found out he had died only by reading the newspaper .
iraqi police will react with force to anti-coalition insurgents , police chief ahmed ibrahim warned friday after multiple rocket attacks hit two baghdad media hotels and the oil ministry complex , seriously wounding one us consultant .
indian troops in kashmir killed four rebels from a <unk> extremist group friday , a defense spokesman said .
an italian policeman has been killed and two others injured in a car accident in southeastern bosnia , a spokesman for the european union police mission said friday .
the times of london said friday it will launch a `` compact '' edition next week , following on the success of a similar <unk> version of the rival independent newspaper .
eu external relations commissioner chris patten is to visit sri lanka next week for talks with the <unk> prime minister and president and the top tamil tiger rebel leader , officials said friday .
turkey sought friday to limit the impact of the deadly suicide bombings in istanbul on its crucial tourism industry , insisting that the country remained a safe destination .
the world bank is to grant poland ### million dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- in loans to restructure coal mines in poland , the polish economy ministry said friday .
taiwan is to allow china to operate indirect flights to the island for the first time , premier yu shyi-kun said on friday .
the german-us auto giant daimlerchrysler said friday it has agreed to sell its aero engine maker mtu to the us private equity firm kohlberg kravis and roberts , in a move that immediately raised eyebrows within the german government in berlin .
popular allrounder shahid afridi was friday named captain of the pakistan a team for next month 's high-profile tri-series in india .
athens ' taxi drivers are due to hold a ##-hour strike saturday , the union representing the greek capital 's some ##,### companies said .
the british-led <unk> consortium has won the status of preferred bidder to negotiate an agreement with the cyprus government to build and operate larnaca and paphos international airports , officials said friday .
afghanistan friday condemned the `` evil '' bomb attacks which killed at least ## people in istanbul and hit out at islamic militants believed responsible as `` enemies of god and humanity .
the british-led <unk> consortium has won the status of preferred bidder to negotiate an agreement with the cyprus government to build and operate larnaca and paphos international airports , officials said friday .
malaysia 's <unk> capital , controlled by tycoon syed mokhtar <unk> , said friday plans to take control of the huge bakun hydroelectric dam project were on track despite the government 's announcement it has not decided whether to privatise the project .
eidur gudjohnsen says he will not be leaving chelsea in the january transfer window despite having few first team chances since the arrival of romanian striker adrian mutu and argentine star hernan crespo .
around ## people were injured friday when assailants threw bombs at a mosque in the western indian state of maharashtra , officials said .
the state on friday dropped charges against ## zimbabwean union leaders and rights activists arrested in harare for breaching the country 's tough security laws after they tried to stage anti-government protests .
turkish officials said friday they had canceled leave for police and paramilitary gendarmerie troops in istanbul during a muslim festival next week following a wave of deadly suicide car bomb attacks .
charlton suffered a blow friday with the news that south africa striker shaun bartlett will be out for a further three months with an ankle injury .
thai stocks are expected to stage a moderate rebound in the week ahead following a sell-off as the market was plunged into chaos over proposed new rules to curb speculative trade , analysts said .
beijing has warned that the philippines ' security could be affected if taiwan 's drive for independence triggered a war with china , philippine foreign secretary blas ople said friday .
domestic mutual funds and other local operators will drive trading activity at the indian markets next week , with foreign funds expected to take a back seat .
ivorian president laurent gbagbo and french foreign minister dominique de villepin will meet late friday in the gabonese capital libreville to discuss the crisis in ivory coast , the french ministry announced .
michael jackson 's mother hinted at a racist motive behind the pop icon 's arrest on multiple child molestation charges , a german magazine friday quoted her as telling it .
eu external relations commissioner chris patten said friday he would visit sri lanka next week for talks with the <unk> prime minister and president and with the top tamil tiger rebel leader .
us president george w. bush called turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan on friday to offer whatever help washington can give following thursday 's double suicide bombing in istanbul .
the chief of georgia 's national security council warned friday that bloodshed could erupt in the caucasus country amid protests over a disputed parliamentary poll .
un peacekeepers on friday stepped up vehicle searches in and around the liberian capital monrovia after a weapons cache was reportedly discovered on the highway leading to the stronghold of the country 's main rebel group .
the european union hopes next week to decide on whether france or spain will go forward as a candidate to host an ambitious project to replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion , officials said friday .
the european commission on friday called for calm in the former soviet republic of georgia , where a senior official warned of bloodshed after admitting that this month 's parliamentary elections had been marred by fraud .
the devastating suicide bombings in istanbul , called the `` turkish september ## '' in lebanese newspapers , triggered a barrage of criticism of us policy in the beirut press on friday .
greek justice officials are investigating a greek man who said he fought alongside serb militias during the war in bosnia , a senior police source said friday .
the chief of georgia 's national security council warned friday that bloodshed could erupt in the caucasus country amid protests over a disputed parliamentary poll that he admitted had been marked by fraud .
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo has dismissed the management board of the state-run power firm nepa ahead of its privatisation , due next year , an official statement said friday .
in a protest at greece 's alleged failure to curb `` growing anti-semitic hate '' , the simon wiesenthal centre has issued a travel warning for the country ahead of the athens #### olympics .
south korean shares will likely rebound in the coming week with a correction to a steep weekly fall amid signs of renewed foreign interest , analysts said .
east african defense ministers and army chiefs met here friday to discuss fighting terrorism and boosting military cooperation .
manchester united manager alex ferguson has revealed that chinese target dong fangzhou wants to come to manchester united .
bangladeshi police used batons to breakup muslim religious groups clashing over a mosque in dhaka friday , leaving ## people injured , a television network reported .
the norwegian government decided friday it would impose trade sanctions on us products if washington refuses to lift the surcharges it has placed on imported steel .
the head of a parliamentary commission probing alleged links between president rolandas paksas ' office and organized crime called on the head of state friday to appear in person to answer questions .
a un court trying suspected perpetrators of rwanda 's #### genocide is expected to hand down a verdict on december # on three defendants in rwanda 's `` hate media '' trial , the independent hirondelle press agency said friday quoting an official source .
the un refugee agency on friday urged the spanish government to improve conditions for hundreds of asylum seekers sleeping rough in spain 's north african enclave of ceuta .
police in zimbabwe have arrested ## people accused of circulating a subversive electronic mail message calling for the violent ouster of president robert mugabe , a state-run daily said friday .
seven people were killed friday in the separatist insurgency in indian kashmir , including four suspected members of an extreme islamist group , officials said .
the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- on friday alerted countries to the health risk of a faulty non-dairy baby milk formula made in germany for the israeli market , which has already been blamed for two infant deaths .
crisis club leeds united were reported friday to be set to make gordon strachan their new manager as soon as they reach agreement with southampton over his pay-off .
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- on friday declared mozambique 's municipal elections were free and transparent but said the low voter turn-out gave cause for concern .
industrial output in germany expanded slightly in september , the bundesbank calculated on friday , revising upwards earlier data that had originally shown a sharp contraction in production in the eurozone 's biggest economy that month .
tottenham striker frederic kanoute revealed friday that he is close to making his comeback to english premiership action following an ankle ligament injury .
a bronze statue of ba jin , considered one of modern china 's greatest writers , was unveiled friday at the newly-built ba jin literary institute in chengdu , the capital of southwest china 's sichuan province , state media reported .
thousands of supporters of the radical palestinian group islamic jihad demonstrated friday in this northern gaza strip refugee camp against the `` geneva initiative '' , an unofficial israeli-palestinian peace plan .
pakistani president pervez musharraf on friday strongly denounced two bomb attacks that left at least ## people dead in istanbul and expressed deep sympathy for the people and government of turkey .
<unk> <unk> , a ##-year-old unemployed finnish woman , became the proud owner of a new car on friday after she sat in it for ## days and ## hours , thereby winning a promotional contest run by a new radio station .
two musicians from the british pop band queen , whose lead singer freddie mercury died of aids , arrived in cape town friday for a star-studded concert they are helping to organise to fight the pandemic .
us mortgage giant freddie mac on friday acknowledged understating profits by five billion dollars between #### and #### in an effort to hide volatility associated with its complex financial deals .
us economic growth is spreading across sectors and is becoming strong enough to withstand negative shocks , jack guynn , the president of the federal reserve bank of atlanta , said friday .
the notion that cities in western europe have cleaned up their acts after the unbridled air pollution of the industrial revolution has been dented by an unusual study that has delved into paris 's atmospheric past .
bayern munich 's german international midfielder sebastian deisler will be out of action for some time because of depression , his doctor revealed friday .
the integration of leaders of burundi 's main rebel group into the war-ravaged east african country 's interim adminstration , scheduled to take place this weekend , has been delayed by several days , a government spokesman said friday .
two fortified baghdad hotels and the iraqi oil ministry were targeted in rocket attacks on friday , seriously injuring one person , as defiant us and british leaders vowed no retreat from iraq and to defeat terrorism .
jordan 's king abdullah ii has sent messages of condolences to the turkish president and the british prime minister after the deadly `` terrorist '' bombings of british interests in istanbul , petra news agency reported friday .
india and mauritius on friday inked four pacts , including an extradition treaty , as mauritian prime minister paul berenger held extensive talks here , officials said .
the twin bomb attacks on british sites in istanbul had the force of small earthquakes and were recorded by the city 's seismological institute , experts said friday .
france on friday urged its citizens to postpone non-essential travel to turkey , following two sets of bomb attacks in less than a week at synagogues and british installations in istanbul that left a total of ## dead .
ivory coast president laurent gbagbo left here friday for the gabonese capital libreville , where he is due to hold talks with french foreign minister dominique de villepin , the ivorian presidency said .
a total of ### people were arrested since monday in protests against the free trade area of the americas agreement , police announced friday .
leaders of ## central and eastern european nations gathered at a summit here friday called for increased cooperation in fighting the threat of terrorism after the deadly bomb attacks on british installations in istanbul .
spanish prime minister jose maria aznar will travel to london on monday for talks with his british counterpart tony blair , a spokesman said friday .
the european union 's draft constitution , as it currently stands , could ultimately jeopardise monetary stability in the eurozone if important changes are not made to it , european central bank governing council member and bundesbank chief ernst welteke warned on friday .
the milan criminal court was scheduled to rule saturday on the controversial case involving a former close aide of prime minister silvio berlusconi for allegedly bribing judges .
the international organisation for migration -lrb- iom -rrb- said friday it has launched a six-week campaign funded by the european union to reduce people smuggling from sri lanka to mainly europe and australia .
french president jacques chirac on friday deplored the deadly suicide bombings in istanbul , pledging that paris and the european union would continue the fight to stamp out global terrorism .
a german court friday banned a prospective brothel owner from setting up in speyer because the southwestern town does not have enough people living there .
religious figures and british , israeli , turkish and us diplomats joined an ecumenical ceremony in a berlin synagogue friday dedicated to victims of the suicide bombings in istanbul .
four anti-globalisation protesters on hunger strike over their detention for alleged rioting during an eu summit in greece last june are said to be in a `` critical '' condition , according to a medical report published on friday .
tajikistan has asked the united states to release eight tajik nationals who have been held at a us military base in guantanamo , cuba , since they were captured in afghanistan two years ago , the country 's deputy foreign minister said on friday .
the international media watchdog group reporters without borders -lrb- rsf - reporters sans frontieres -rrb- on friday condemned rocket attacks on the main hotels in baghdad housing members of the foreign press .
the irish government took steps friday to legally restore the original gaelic names of places that were given english versions during british rule over ### years ago .
europe 's top clubs are pressing fifa to agree to a new player compensation package that could leave football 's ruling body facing a ### million dollar bill for the #### world cup .
ivory coast president laurent gbagbo is to travel monday to mali and burkina faso , with whom relations have been strained since an army rebellion ## months ago in the world 's top cocoa producer , state radio reported .
a us soldier died of wounds sustained in a roadside bombing in northern baghdad , a military spokesman said friday .
the leader of the lebanese-based shiite fundamentalist movement hezbollah threatened friday to strike at the heart of israel if the jewish state acted on threats to attack lebanon or syria .
us president george w. bush left britain on friday , returning to washington after a three-day state visit .
some ##,### muslims on friday staged a peaceful protest in a northern nigerian city against what they called israeli aggression against palestinians .
former pakistan cricket captain and wicketkeeper rashid latif faces disciplinary action for criticising the pakistan cricket board -lrb- pcb -rrb- in a television interview , an official said friday .
us president george w. bush has dismissed the idea of a parallel between the situation faced by us forces in iraq and the vietnam war , whose traumas left an indelible mark on the american people .
us president george w. bush left britain on friday , returning to washington after a three-day state visit .
an exotic sculpture of a cow encrusted with ##,### pieces of crystal glass has been sold for charity for the record sum of ###,### euros -lrb- ###,### dollars , ###,### euros -rrb- , the organisers of the irish cow parade art exhibition said on friday .
thailand , who just a few days ago were on the verge of elimination from the asian cup , reached the finals friday with an impressive #-# win over uzbekistan in their last qualifying match .
french president jacques chirac on friday deplored the deadly suicide bombings in istanbul , pledging that paris and the european union would continue the fight to stamp out global terrorism .
human rights award winner leyla zana and three other jailed former kurdish lawmakers have lodged a complaint with the european court of human rights for being kept in prison during their retrial by a turkish court , a lawyer said friday .
turkish trade unions and civic organizations have called a silent march on saturday to condemn the deadly suicide car bomb attacks in istanbul , the anatolia news agency reported friday .
the united states and its european partners must seek middle ground to find a solution to the dispute over plans for an autonomous eu military planning center , us ambassador to nato nicholas burns said friday .
european stock markets ended the week in positive territory friday , with the london ftse ### index up #.## percent at #,### at the close .
david dacko , who has died at the age of ## , became president of the central african republic when the country won independence from france in #### and made a comeback two decades later as a coup leader .
lawyers acting for kevin toth believe an irregularity in testing could save the american shot put champion from being banned for using the designer steroid tetrahydrogestrinone -lrb- thg -rrb- .
imre gellei has quit as hungary coach after the team finished fourth in their european championship qualifiers , the hungarian football federation -lrb- mlsz -rrb- confirmed friday .
diplomats at the french foreign ministry could walk off the job on december # over budgetary woes , in what would be the first-ever strike at the quai d'orsay , union officials said friday .
unidentified attackers on motorcycles hurled bombs at a mosque friday in the western indian state of <unk> , leaving about ## people injured , police and officials said .
more than #,### <unk> took to the streets friday to protest against israel and the united states as they marked jerusalem day .
the euro maintained its lead on the dollar friday as investors sought to shed the greenback ahead of the week end , fearing future terrorist attacks .
french president jacques chirac on friday backed romania 's bid to join both nato and the european union , as his romanian counterpart ion iliescu wrapped up a three-day visit to france .
british investors will spend next week looking for economic data to bring some positive impetus to a stock market where confidence has been hit by the twin suicide bombs attacks in istanbul , analysts said friday .
oil prices rose friday after a rocket attack on the iraqi oil ministry in baghdad raised fears of yet another delay to efforts to boost the country 's crude exports , although they later fell back on profit taking .
the united states on friday accused the un nuclear watchdog of damaging its credibility by concluding there was as yet no evidence that iran has a nuclear weapons program .
preemptive military action always will be a judgement call based on sketchy , incomplete information , a top pentagon official said friday , dismissing charges of a us intelligence failure in iraq .
the us food and drug administration has approved anti-impotence drug cialis developed by eli lilly and icos , the agency said friday .
greek prime minister costa simitis on friday moved to play down security fears ahead of the #### athens olympics the day after deadly suicide bombings in istanbul .
more than #,### bahrainis took to the streets friday to protest against israel and the united states as they marked jerusalem day .
european shares struggled to stay in positive territory friday as overall sentiment was undermined by a mixed performance on wall street , fresh gains by the euro against the dollar and ongoing geopolitical concerns .
a jury was deliberating friday on whether or not to sentence washington sniper john allen muhammad to death after finding him guilty of murder on monday , a court spokesman said .
sierra leone president ahmad tejan kabbah is planning a december # military reshuffle as part of an overhaul to reduce the size of the armed forces over five years , state radio reported friday .
the us food and drug administration has approved anti-impotence drug cialis developed by eli lilly and icos , the agency said friday .
with three percent of the world 's people now living outside the country of their birth , un secretary general kofi annan on friday urged nations worried about terror not to clamp down too hard on immigration .
turkey 's top consultative body on friday said the country would not be intimidated by a wave of deadly bombings in istanbul and called for greater international cooperation to fight terrorism .
former international fly-half rob andrew is backing his protege jonny wilkinson to guide england to a world cup final triumph against australia in sydney on saturday and help erase the misery he endured twelve years ago .
russia 's lower house of parliament friday extended by two years the deadline for businesses to buy or lease land under their building -- a week after president vladimir putin called for the measure .
russia friday appealed for restraint in georgia , where government and opposition supporters readied to face off in weekend protests over results of a disputed parliamentary election .
the head of a rwandan rebel group operating in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- and blamed for rwanda 's #### genocide called friday on his former <unk> to follow his example and surrender .
four people were killed and ## injured friday in a grenade attack on a stall in south baghdad selling alcohol on the muslim day of rest during the holy fasting month of ramadan , hospital officials said .
the us-led consortium in charge of building nuclear power plants in north korea on friday said it was suspending the project for one year due to a simmering nuclear crisis with the stalinist state .
leaders of ## central and eastern european nations on friday called for greater cooperation with the european union in a bid to overcome possible negative effects from the bloc 's expansion next year .
francisco maturana has been ousted as colombia coach following their poor south american world cup qualifier campaign but is stalling on his departure , federation officials claimed friday .
the us-led consortium in charge of building two nuclear power plants in north korea on friday said it was suspending the project for one year due to a simmering nuclear crisis with the energy-starved stalinist state .
new york mayor michael bloomberg will visit israel and kosovo early next week , the mayor 's office said friday .
four people were killed , including a child , and ## others injured friday in a grenade attack on a stall in south baghdad selling alcohol on the muslim day of rest during the holy fasting month of ramadan , hospital officials said .
british muslim leaders angrily accused a government minister friday of lecturing after he called on them to be stronger in condemning terrorism following deadly bombings in istanbul .
an industry group representing fixed telephone carriers asked a court friday to block new `` portability '' rules that allow customers to switch from standard wireline service to wireless with the same phone number .
police in zimbabwe friday arrested #,### illegal foreign exchange dealers in the second city of bulawayo and seized the equivalent ###,### dollars in both local and foreign currency , state television said friday .
venezuela 's gross domestic product shrank #.# percent in the third quarter , bringing the economic decline to ##.# percent in #### so far , the central bank said thursday .
the british embassy in tehran was hit by a firebomb friday , with the broad daylight attack causing some fire damage to the mission 's gate but no casualties , a british diplomat said .
ivory coast president laurent gbagbo is to travel next week to mali and burkina faso , with whom relations have been strained since an army rebellion ## months ago in the world 's top cocoa producer , state radio reported friday .
un secretary general kofi annan declared his `` great sadness '' friday at the death of david dacko , the first president of the central african republic .
the united states on friday urged georgia to probe what it called `` massive fraud '' during recent parliamentary elections .
air traffic controllers have gone on strike in zimbabwe over pay , the head of organization said friday .
the united states said friday it took `` seriously '' china 's protests over plans to introduce import quotas on certain textiles .
polish prime minister leszek miller said on friday his country 's troops would stay in iraq despite car bomb attacks in turkey which killed at least ## people and injured more than ### .
a <unk> visit by liberian interim chairman gyude bryant was set to take place monday , the ivorian presidential office said friday .
the us department of state on friday backed off demands to take iran 's nuclear program before the un security council .
liverpool boss gerard houllier believes the return from injury of michael owen for saturday 's match at middlesbrough could be the spark his side needs to rejuvenate their faltering season .
two close associates of president lucio gutierrez , including a cabinet minister , resigned on friday after their links to a brother of a suspected ecuadoran drug trafficker surfaced .
a jury deliberated friday on whether to sentence washington sniper john allen muhammad to death after finding him guilty of murder on monday , a court spokeswoman said .
a new bill introduced in the us congress offers asylum or refugee status to north koreans fleeing persecution in their stalinist homeland and to encourage us families to adopt young north koreans .
un secretary general kofi annan on friday expressed concern over the crisis in the caucasus nation of georgia over a disputed election .
two probes launched to mars this year are having a smooth journey to the red planet , despite recent solar storms , and are set to meet their scheduled arrival dates , nasa said friday .
champions lyon went to the top of the french first division on friday after a last minute penalty earned them a #-# win against strasbourg .
the united states on friday abruptly canceled a visa issued to haiti 's interior minister <unk> <unk> , who is close to president jean bertrand aristide , us officials said .
the los angeles clippers waived chinese center wang zhizhi on friday , to make room for national basketball association journeyman doug overton .
us stocks finished with slender gains friday as wall street steadied after several rocky sessions .
the international consortium building two nuclear power plants in north korea on friday suspended the project for one year over a simmering nuclear crisis with the energy-starved stalinist state .
major league soccer on friday announced plans to expand by two teams in #### .
the us food and drug administration on friday approved anti-impotence drug cialis developed by eli lilly and icos , setting up a new rival for pfizer 's blockbuster viagra .
oil prices were mixed friday after a rocket attack on the iraqi oil ministry in baghdad raised fears of yet another setback to boosting the country 's crude exports .
kansas city wizards veteran midfielder preki became major league soccer 's first two-time most valuable player on friday , capturing the award six years after collecting his initial one .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder on friday warned that it was up to the united states to take action to avoid a trade war with the european union over us steel tariffs .
the dollar edged lower friday as investors stayed cautious despite indications the euro 's recent rally might have run out of steam .
top us and south korean envoys friday fine-tuned a security assurance for north korea ahead of planned nuclear crisis talks hours before a us-led consortium suspended an energy project in the communist state .
world anti-doping agency wada decided on friday to give governments more time to pay their contributions to the body but warned defaulters that they could be dropped from the organization if the problem continued .
the largest conventional bomb in the us arsenal -- a ##,### pound -lrb- #,### kilogram -rrb- behemoth known as the mother of all bombs -- was successfully tested friday at a florida range , the air force said .
ice hockey icon wayne gretzky is returning to the great white north as the national hockey league takes to the great outdoors .
the us government on friday issued a worldwide alert over the threat of terrorist attacks .
us president george w. bush said friday that his three day state visit to britain had reaffirmed the `` special relationship '' between the two countries .
new york attorney general eliot spitzer , who has launched a wave of investigations into the us mutual fund industry , warned friday he would bring criminal charges against more firms and seek to jail top executives .
the us government on friday issued a worldwide warning that al-qaeda may stage new attacks .
us president george w. bush said friday that his three day state visit to britain had reaffirmed the `` special relationship '' between the two countries .
mark mcnulty of zimbabwe birdied four holes on the back nine en route to a four-under-par ## and medalist honors at the champions tour 's national qualifying tournament .
president george w. bush returned friday from a state visit to britain insisting on the importance of the `` special relationship '' between the two countries despite public hostility to the us-led occupation of iraq .
two former quebec prime ministers have won a new defamation case against a broker who in #### made comparisons between them and adolf hitler , a lawyer said friday .
us president george w. bush made his own tribute to john f. kennedy ahead of saturday 's ##th anniversary of his assassination in dallas .
laura davies is trying to regain `` big fish '' status .
fans of michael jackson on friday announced plans for a worldwide series of candlelight vigils in support of the singer against charges of child molestation .
the united states on friday lifted sanctions against countries that refused to sign a deal over the international criminal court because of their support for the us war in iraq and afghanistan .
rockets fired from donkey carts targeted two baghdad hotels and the oil ministry on friday while defiant us and british leaders vowed not to retreat from iraq and to defeat terrorism .
moldova 's breakaway region of transdniestr lifted its sanctions banning key moldovan officials from crossing its borders , as a gesture of good will , separatist officials said .
president george w. bush returned friday from a state visit to britain insisting on the importance of the `` special relationship '' between the two countries despite public hostility to the us-led occupation of iraq .
the chinese foreign ministry has warned the united states against sending the `` wrong signals '' to taiwanese politicians advocating independence from the mainland , the ministry 's website said saturday .
italian authorities have asked the police to tighten security around sensitive targets throughout the country and are planning to deport a number of muslim extremists , a government official announced .
calgary flames left wing krzysztof oliwa on friday was suspended for two games , without pay , by the national hockey league as a result of being assessed a match penalty in thursday 's #-# victory over the montreal canadiens .
many pundits say the rugby world cup final between australia and england here saturday at olympic stadium is too close to call but , in the betting stakes at least , england are well ahead .
the australian government said saturday that it was not surprised after further evidence emerged that suspected extremist willie brigitte had been planning an attack here before he was deported .
more than ## elderly protesters detained after staging a sit-in on the doorstep of the communist party have dodged provincial police arriving to take them home , one of the escapees said .
a blaze swept through a nurses residence at a military hospital in riyadh on saturday `` slightly injuring '' seven south african and five filipino nurses , a civil defense spokesman said .
taiwan on saturday urged beijing to seriously consider its proposition for talks to set up the first <unk> flights to the island .
a massive explosion left a huge crater in the ground outside the main police station in this hotspot town north of baghdad early saturday , an afp correspondent witnessed .
eight hindi-speaking labourers were killed and two injured saturday in an attack in the northeastern indian state of assam , bringing the death toll in a week of ethnic clashes to ## , police said .
asians are more likely to contract sars than others , a leading chinese expert on the deadly virus was quoted as saying by local media saturday .
seven people who took part in demonstrations last month in saudi arabia have been sentenced to jail terms , a newspaper reported saturday .
north korea issued a furious attack on donald rumsfeld on saturday , describing the us defense secretary as a butcher worse than hitler after he described the pyongyang regime as `` evil '' .
five iraqis were killed and at least nine wounded early saturday when a car bomb hit a police station in the small town of khan bani saad north of the capital , police said .
five iraqi police were killed and at least nine wounded early saturday when a car bomb blew up outside their station in the town of khan bani saad north of the capital , police said .
security was tight saturday in a southern bangladeshi district after the home of a local leader of the main opposition awami league was torched injuring six people , police said .
five iraqi police were killed and at least nine wounded early saturday when a car bomb blew up outside their station in the town of khan bani saad north of the capital , police said .
jal travel co , a member of the japan airlines group , will open china 's first wholly-owned foreign travel agency on december # , chinese state media reported saturday .
a civilian plane declared an `` in-flight emergency '' near baghdad airport early saturday but landed safely with no preliminary reports of casualties , a senior us officer said .
president george w. bush returned from a state visit to britain insisting on the importance of the `` special relationship '' between the two countries despite public hostility to the us-led occupation of iraq .
six iraqis were killed , including a nine-year-old girl , and ## wounded early saturday when a car bomb hit a police station in this hotspot town north of baghdad , police said .
india ordered federal detectives to probe a ### million-dollar legal document forging scam in which a bombay financier allegedly bribed police and politicians , a report said saturday .
china 's ding meiyuan twice broke the women 's over-##kg snatch world record en route to gold at the world weightlifting championships on friday .
the government military chief of indonesia 's insurgency-hit aceh province was replaced saturday after leading a huge operation that has so far failed to capture any senior rebels .
a plane belonging to international express courier dhl made an emergency landing at baghdad airport saturday , the us military said , amid witness reports it had been hit by a surface-to-air missile .
iran 's representative to the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- , ali akbar salehi , has voiced optimism over the outcome of talks with the un nuclear watchdog in vienna , state television reported saturday .
china will not retaliate in a developing trade spat with the united states by dumping us treasuries , state media reported , citing the agency in charge of the country 's ballooning forex reserves .
india ordered federal detectives to probe a ### million-dollar legal document forging scam in which a bombay financier allegedly bribed police and politicians , a report said saturday .
tensions have risen after shooting was heard over the past two nights in the religiously divided poso district of indonesia 's central sulawesi , police there said saturday .
palestinian and israeli officials are gearing up for a resumption of peace talks , sources close to palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei said saturday .
spain 's long-awaited royal wedding of the heir to the throne prince felipe de bourbon to his fiancee , former television journalist letizia ortiz <unk> , will be held on may ## next year in madrid , the royal household announced saturday .
three chinese nationals were arrested as philippine police carried out their second massive drug bust in a single day , a senior police official said saturday .
international express courier dhl said saturday one of its planes was forced to make an emergency landing in baghdad but declined to confirm the freighter was hit by a surface-to-air missile .
west indies captain brian lara won the toss and opted to bat first , as the five-match one-day series got underway at the queens sports club here on saturday .
the south africa rugby players ' association -lrb- <unk> -rrb- will request an inquiry into the `` barbaric '' military-style manner in which the springboks were trained for the rugby world cup , local media reported saturday .
former grand slam doubles champion mark woodforde was on saturday announced as australia 's new fed cup tennis coach .
brazilian striker <unk> scored a hat-trick to lead nagoya grampus eight to a #-# victory over urawa red diamonds in the j-league football on saturday .
croatians living in ## countries on saturday began casting ballots to elect representatives in parliament , one day ahead of their fellow citizens , national radio reported .
china will allow foreign investors to buy minority share holdings in film production companies beginning from next month , state media reported saturday .
spanish number one juan carlos ferrero arrived here on saturday but rain upset his hopes of a <unk> ahead of next week 's davis cup tennis final on grass against australia .
georgia 's embattled president eduard shevardnadze on saturday called on the country 's newly-elected parliament to convene for the first time since a disputed poll as massive opposition protests continued .
turkish politicians and artists gathered saturday in an istanbul theater to pay tribute to top actor kerem <unk> , one of the victims of the suicide bombings that rocked the city two days ago .
madhav kumar nepal , the consensus candidate for prime minister of the parties opposed to the government , said he met in india with top maoist rebel prachanda and that the kingdom would soon witness a major `` political development .
southampton chairman rupert lowe has accused english premiership rival 's leeds of breaking every rule in the book in their bid to poach manager gordon strachan .
the united states will release around ## of the ###-odd prisoners being held in guantanamo in the coming week , the us ambassador at large for war crimes , pierre-richard prosper , was quoted saturday as telling the spanish media .
three peruvians , including a woman , and a mexican have been arrested for allegedly stealing money from vehicles belonging to commercial banks in the muscat governorate , omani police said saturday .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said his country was shamed by the fact that suicide bombers behind massive attacks in istanbul over the past week were turkish nationals .
uganda 's anglican church announced saturday that it had severed relations with their counterpart in the united states after an openly gay bishop was consecrated earlier this month .
a former close aide of prime minister silvio berlusconi , deputy cesare previti , was jailed for five years saturday by a milan court for bribing magistrates .
former us president bill clinton finished a visit to india dedicated to fighting the aids epidemic with a private tour saturday of the taj mahal .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan voiced his country 's `` shame '' saturday that suicide bombers behind massive attacks in istanbul over the past week were turkish nationals .
a mild tremor measuring #.# on the richter scale saturday jolted the pokhara valley , a popular tourist destination in western nepal , but no damage or injuries were reported .
us oil major chevron texaco said it had halted production of ##,### barrels of oil per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- in southern nigeria after ## of its workers were taken hostage there this week .
georgia 's opposition leader on saturday gave president eduard shevardnadze ## minutes to admit defeat as tens of thousands of protesters gathered in the capital of the caucasus country .
three british men have been jailed for ## to ## months by a court in dieppe for trying to smuggle ## indian illegal immigrants into britain , court officials said saturday .
thousands of people hit the streets in major cities around turkey amid high security saturday in protest at a wave of deadly bombings in istanbul over the past week .
istanbul 's police chief saturday blamed `` irresponsible '' reporting by the turkish media for the second of two bomb attacks in the city over the past week , saying police had been just an hour away from catching the bombers .
a second suspected case of meat being injected with rat poison has been detected in a swedish supermarket , the daily aftonbladet reported saturday .
police fired smoke canisters at thousands of protestors as they marched towards the office of president eduard shevardnadze saturday .
a court in rabat sentenced ## muslim militants to ## years in prison on saturday for plotting terrorist attacks while ## other defendants were given jail terms ranging from two to ## years , a judicial source said .
a beijing court has canceled a session originally set to contemplate new evidence against a us-based dissident accused of espionage , a hong kong-based rights group said saturday .
french sports minister jean-francois lamour moved saturday to save the french grand prix amid reports that it has been canceled due to financial problems .
police fired smoke canisters at thousands of protestors as they broke through their cordon on saturday and marched towards the offices of president eduard shevardnadze , chanting `` resign , resign ! .
us oil major chevron texaco has shut down production on four offshore oil platforms in southern nigeria amounting to ##,### barrels of oil per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- after ## of its workers were taken hostage there this week .
england captain martin johnson was elated after his side 's last gasp world cup final victory against australia at olympic stadium here saturday .
a court in rabat has issued warrants for five men , one of them with british nationality , on terrorist charges in connection with the suicide attacks in casablanca in may , in which ## people were killed , the moroccan news agency map reported .
ten people , five of them butchers , have been arrested for passing donkey meat off as beef during the holy fasting month of ramadan , algerian radio reported saturday .
a court in rabat sentenced ## muslim militants to ## years in prison on saturday for plotting terrorist attacks while ## other defendants were given jail terms ranging from two to ## years , a judicial source said .
defeated australia captain george gregan said he was `` proud '' of his team after they lost a thrilling world cup final against england at olympic stadium here saturday .
dubai 's government-owned airline emirates on saturday signed a leasing contract for a new airbus a###-### , the world 's longest range plane , at a cost of ##.# billion japanese yen -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- .
chris gayle and brian lara combined with centuries each to power the west indies to ### for six from ## overs in the first of a series of five cricket one-day internationals against zimbabwe here on saturday .
england coach clive woodward said he was `` speechless '' after his side defeated australia in a dramatic world cup final at olympic stadium here saturday .
kristina smigun of estonia won the women 's ##km freestyle cross country skiing race , the second event in the world cup series here on saturday .
italy is one of the `` major targets of islamic terrorism '' , said interior minister guiseppe pisanu on saturday , a day after security was heightened across the country .
cameroon have not lifted an african club trophy for ## years despite being among the leading football nations on the continent .
a milan court sentenced prime minister silvio berlusconi 's former lawyer , deputy cesare previti , to five years in jail saturday for bribing a judge .
a far-flung town on the southwestern tip of australia played unlikely host to teams of war weary footballers saturday as players from iraq and afghanistan swapped tips and spoke of a future free from conflict .
taiwanese teenager lo <unk> and chen chung-cheng hogged the limelight in the ###,### us dollar acer taiwan open saturday , which saw the third round suspended due to fading light .
british prime minister tony blair on saturday hailed the english rugby union team after their ##-## world cup win over australia in sydney as `` a fantastic day for english rugby and for england .
kristina smigun of estonia won the women 's ##km freestyle cross country skiing race , the second event in the world cup series here on saturday .
rugby 's world cup final went off smoothly here saturday police said with no major incidents reported .
embattled georgian president eduard shevardnadze opened a session of the country 's new parliament saturday amid massive protests demanding his resignation .
bayer leverkusen 's german international bernd schneider claims finishing in the top three would be a major achievement for the team this season insisting that bayern munich were still strong favorites for the german crown .
england hero jonny wilkinson 's mother <unk> was on her way home from shopping in northeast england when a supermarket worker gave her the news that her son had won the world cup .
italy is one of the `` major targets of islamic terrorism '' , said interior minister guiseppe pisanu on saturday , a day after security was heightened across the country .
iran again challenged on saturday reports of an attack on the british embassy in tehran , denying that a firebomb was thrown at the building 's gate the day earlier , the student news agency isna reported .
the <unk> of more than ### urine samples from the world athletics championships produced two cases of the designer steroid thg , the international association of athletics federations -lrb- iaaf -rrb- said on saturday .
french number one amelie mauresmo claimed the first point in the fed cup tennis final here on saturday when she crushed american lisa raymond in straight sets .
dozens of demonstrators shouting `` resign ! '' stormed the georgian parliament saturday as embattled president eduard shevardnadze addressed the deputies .
pakistan cricket board saturday pulled its chief 's son from a ##-man national squad against new zealand a day after his controversial selection triggered a wave of media criticism .
protesters demanding the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze seized control of the parliament on saturday as the georgian leader was making an address to the deputies .
india 's private sahara business group announced on saturday that it would build ###,### earthquake-resistant houses in six cities this year .
italy 's pietro piller cottrer won the men 's ##km freestyle cross country skiing race , the second event in the world cup series here on saturday .
protesters demanding the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze seized control of the parliament on saturday as the georgian leader was making an address to the deputies .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze refused to resign saturday after bodyguards dragged him from the parliament building as protesters seized control of the chamber .
afghanistan has increased civil servants ' salaries by ### percent but most will still struggle even on their new pay , finance ministry officials said on saturday .
jordan 's royal wings has suspended the only commercial flights to baghdad after a plane belonging to international express courier dhl was hit by a missile over the iraqi capital , an official told afp saturday .
israeli troops killed an ##-year-old palestinian boy and a hamas militant saturday in two separate incidents in the west bank and gaza strip , medical and security sources said .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze refused to resign saturday after bodyguards dragged him from the parliament building as protesters seized control of the chamber .
us-led forces have opened a new provincial reconstruction team -lrb- prt -rrb- to help improve security and extend afghan president karzai 's reach in kabul and four surrounding provinces , the us military said on saturday .
the <unk> of more than ### urine samples from the world athletics championships produced two cases of the designer steroid thg , the international association of athletics federations -lrb- iaaf -rrb- said on saturday .
israeli warplanes flew over lebanon saturday as the country celebrated ## years of independence , just three days after renewed un warnings that doing so could escalate regional tension , officials said .
the european union 's racism watchdog refrained from publishing a report on anti-semitism that said muslims and pro-palestinian groups were behind many attacks , the financial times reported saturday .
former president badruddoza chowdhury called saturday on civil society in politically polarised bangladesh to come together to steer the country away from an impending `` crisis .
istanbul jews closed all ## of their synagogues on saturday and met secretly for sabbath prayers for fear of attack , a week after two truck bombs targeted their community .
jordan 's royal wings has suspended the only commercial flights to baghdad after a plane belonging to international express courier dhl was hit by a missile over the iraqi capital , an official told afp saturday .
five pakistanis held by the us military at the guantanamo bay detention center in cuba returned home saturday , senior interior ministry official brigadier iqbal cheema said .
ruud van nistelrooy picked up where he left off for holland in midweek with his ##th goal of the season as manchester united were made to sweat for a #-# win over blackburn at old trafford on saturday .
vfb stuttgart defender andreas hinkel has brought an end to speculation about his future by signing a contract extension until #### .
jordan 's king abdullah ii has ordered the release of ### common law criminals for the eid al-fitr holiday which ends the holy fasting month of ramadan , government spokeswoman asma khodr said saturday .
the georgian president 's office said on saturday there had been a `` coup d'etat '' after protesters demanding the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze overran the parliament building in the capital .
french grand prix organisers confirmed on saturday that next year 's race has been scrapped , but said they had signed a new five-year deal with formula one supremo bernie ecclestone to keep the event at magny-cours from #### .
georgia 's opposition saturday declared one of its leaders interim president after its supporters overran parliament .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze declared a state of emergency saturday after opposition supporters overran parliament .
amelie mauresmo and mary pierce moved france to within one point of their first ever fed cup win over the united states with a #-# lead after the first day saturday of the best-of-five final .
istanbul 's police chief saturday blamed `` irresponsible '' reporting by turkey 's media for the second of two massive bomb attacks in the city over the past week , saying police had been just an hour away from catching the bombers .
several hundred muslims from all over germany marched through the streets of berlin saturday to denounce israeli occupation of jerusalem and the west bank .
centuries from chris gayle and brian lara set west indies to their second best score in one-day internationals as they ripped through zimbabwe here on saturday .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze declared a state of emergency saturday after opposition supporters overran parliament .
international courier dhl said saturday it was looking at suspending its flights in iraq after one of its planes was hit by a surface-to-air missile and forced back to baghdad .
georgia 's opposition saturday declared one of its leaders interim president after its supporters overran parliament .
an explosion occurred behind the intercontinental hotel in the afghan capital of kabul saturday evening , smashing windows , though it was not known if there were casualties , police and witnesses said .
the death toll from double suicide bomb attacks in istanbul earlier this week rose to ## when a turkish woman died on saturday , a spokesman for the city 's health department said .
international courier dhl said on saturday it was looking at suspending its flights in iraq after one of its planes was hit by a surface-to-air missile after it took off from baghdad airport and was forced to make an emergency landing .
centuries from chris gayle and brian lara set west indies on the way to their second best score in one-day internationals as they ripped through zimbabwe here on saturday .
iran has handed over to turkey seven members of kadek , a turkish-based separatist kurd organization , who had been in iranian custody since march , the isna news agency reported .
french president jacques chirac saturday hailed england 's world cup win over australia as `` <unk> '' and `` a victory for europe '' in a letter addressed to british prime minister tony blair .
a rocket exploded near the intercontinental hotel in the afghan capital saturday evening but there were no reports of any casualties , an international security assistance force spokesman and witnesses said .
the us-led coalition sees no need for a un-organised conference on iraq , as mooted by russia with franco-german support , its civilian spokesman charles heatly said here saturday .
the senate has stalled a ##-billion-dollar energy bill whose republican backers say would bolster a creaky power grid and cut us dependence on foreign oil .
england captain david beckham on saturday paid tribute to the world cup-winning england rugby team , and in particular jonny wilkinson for his game-winning drop goal that handed england a ##-## victory .
double cheltenham gold cup winner best mate suffered a surprise defeat on saturday when french six-year-old jair du cochet won the peterborough chase at huntingdon .
volkswagen calls its most luxurious automobile the <unk> , but after it emerged saturday that the company has mislaid no fewer than ## of the ###,###-euro -lrb- ###,###-dollar -rrb- machines , it might perhaps be renamed the phantom .
international courier dhl said saturday it was suspending flights to iraq after one of its planes was hit by a surface-to-air missile and forced to return to baghdad airport .
the internationals clinched a memorable clean-sweep on saturday winning all six fourballs to open up a ## #\/# - # #\/# lead over the united states to set up a thrilling final day at the presidents cup .
israeli troops killed an ##-year-old palestinian boy and a hamas militant saturday in two separate incidents in the west bank and gaza strip , medical and security sources said .
thousands of georgian opposition supporters demanding the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze stormed the presidential building late saturday , vowing to take over shevardnadze 's office .
some ## suspected taliban prisoners , including ## pakistanis , were saturday released from an infamous jail in northern afghanistan ahead of the muslim eid al-fitr festival , an official said .
the nigerian police sought on saturday to allay fears of a possible extremist attack in the country after rumors of insecurity spread through lagos .
russian president vladimir putin is sending his foreign minister to georgia , a presidential spokesman told interfax news agency saturday .
a chris sutton hat-trick helped celtic extend their unbeaten start to their league campaign to ## games as dundee united were swept aside #-# at tannadice .
the st mary 's crowd called for him to stay but gordon strachan may have overseen his last match as southampton manager in a #-# defeat by chelsea on saturday .
britain 's queen elizabeth ii has passed on her congratulations to the world cup-winning england rugby team , a buckingham palace spokeswoman said saturday .
liverpool welcomed back michael owen on saturday but even the england marksman was unable to find the back of the net as gerard houllier 's side drew #-# with middlesbrough .
leicester city were deprived of a precious victory after an apparent dive by paolo di canio secured a penalty and a point for charlton at the walkers stadium .
everton grabbed a welcome three points on saturday with a #-# win over a disappointing wolves that lifted david moyes ' premiership strugglers out of the relegation zone .
in the home region of rugby world cup winner jonny wilkinson , alan shearer proved he too has an eye for goal as he notched up ### goals under manager sir bobby robson at newcastle .
bundesliga referee herbert <unk> has admitted that he made a mistake in sending off bayern munich 's hasan salihamidzic during saturday 's derby match with #### munich at the olympic stadium .
a milan court sentenced prime minister silvio berlusconi 's former lawyer , deputy cesare previti , to five years in jail saturday for bribing a judge .
iraq 's northern oil center of kirkuk has been suffering petrol shortages since lorry tankers from turkey stopped exporting supplies due to deteriorating security , oil officials said saturday .
here is a chronology of major events in georgia 's political crisis following contested parliamentary elections on november # .
controversial american sprinter jon drummond was on saturday given a `` serious formal warning '' by the governing body of athletics after his on-track protest at august 's world championships .
georgia 's embattled president eduard shevardnadze has talked by telephone with us secretary of state colin powell and russian president vladimir putin , the georgian presidency said late saturday .
two israeli watchmen appointed to guard the separation barrier being built by israel across the west bank , in east jerusalem , died from their wounds saturday night , medical officials said .
thousands of people on saturday called for the resignation of lithuanian president rolandas paksas who is embroiled in a scandal over alleged links between his office and organized crime , while his supporters held a counter-demonstration .
un secretary general kofi annan was following events in georgia `` with concern '' saturday , after protesters stormed the parliament building in tbilisi , demanding president eduard shevardnadze 's resignation .
georgia 's <unk> television station went off the air late saturday and an opposition station said the authorities were trying to shut it down .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze , who called a state of emergency after opposition protestors stormed parliament , has talked by telephone with us secretary of state colin powell and russian president vladimir putin , shevardnadze 's office said late saturday .
family and friends rushed to michael jackson 's defense , while fans planned candlelight vigils saturday to let shine the light of their faith in their idol , who stands charged with child molestation .
georgia 's <unk> television station went off the air late saturday and an opposition station said the authorities were trying to shut it down .
nino burjanadze , declared interim president by georgia 's opposition saturday , is a moderate who started her political career as a protege of embattled head of state eduard shevardnadze .
german foreign minister joschka fischer will travel to ankara monday for talks with his turkish counterpart abdullah gul on how to fight extremism and on turkey 's eu membership bid , his spokesman said saturday .
two israeli watchmen appointed to guard the separation barrier being built by israel across the west bank , in east jerusalem , died from their wounds saturday night , medical officials and israeli police said .
world champion yevgeny plyushchenko and skating pair tatiana totmianina and maxim marinin handed the hosts two victories at the russia cup , the fifth leg of the isu grand prix series , here on saturday .
the commonwealth of independent states -lrb- cis -rrb- on saturday condemned the political turmoil convulsing georgia as `` unconstitutional '' and `` unacceptable '' and urged the country 's opposition to respect democracy principles and the rule of law .
the london-based human rights organization amnesty international called on egypt saturday to clamp down on the `` persistence of the phenomenon of torture and ill-treatment '' of prisoners .
polish prime minister leszek miller on saturday strongly criticised a decision by the belgian parliament to put back a debate on the ratification of the landmark eu treaty on enlargement .
american erik schlopy tore a ligament in his left knee saturday as he crashed out of the first leg of the world cup giant slalom here , the us ski federation said .
the us department of defense said saturday it can not confirm at the moment reports of an impending release of some foreign prisoners held by the us military at its base in guantanamo bay , cuba .
american bode miller won the second giant slalom of the ####-## world cup season here on saturday , ahead of austrians andreas schifferer and hans knauss .
lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- rebels operating in northern uganda have been blamed for an attack on a village in the north of the country in which one person died and about fifty houses were burned down .
the international community on saturday called on the government of georgia and thousands of protesters caught up in a dramatic stand-off in the capital tbilisi to try to find a peaceful way out of the crisis .
sheikh nasser bin hamad al-fahd , a well-known extremist cleric , has become the second saudi dissident leader to repent and denounce a deadly suicide bombing in riyadh in less than a week .
thousands of demonstrators marched through the italian capital rome and in other italian cities on saturday to protest at the war in iraq and to demand more job security .
english rugby chiefs believe saturday 's stunning world cup triumph in sydney could be the launchpad for a boom in the sport here .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov arrived in the georgian capital tbilisi early sunday for talks with both the government and the opposition which stormed the parliament saturday after weeks of protest , the interfax news agency reported .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov arrived in the georgian capital tbilisi early sunday for talks with both the government and the opposition which stormed the parliament saturday after weeks of protest .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov arrived in the georgian capital tbilisi early sunday for talks with both the government and the opposition which stormed the parliament saturday after weeks of protest .
a call for worldwide vigils in support of pop star michael jackson drew a meager response in new york on saturday , with only a dozen loyal fans turning out for a candlelight rally in times square .
exhaustion , jet lag , pink eye and the most difficult course on the lpga tour are no match for annika sorenstam .
australian police pulled off the most extensive security clampdown since the #### olympics sunday , arresting just four unruly rugby world cup fans .
british newspapers sunday waxed lyrical about england 's world cup winning rugby team , singling out match winner jonny wilkinson for special praise .
family and friends rushed to michael jackson 's defense , while fans planned candlelight vigils saturday to let shine the light of their faith in their idol , who stands charged with child molestation .
from buckingham palace to becks - praise rolled in for england 's rugby world cup winners and especially goal-kicking hero jonny wilkinson .
american bode miller continued his early dominance of the world cup ski circuit saturday , claiming his second straight giant slalom victory in the season 's second race .
leeds caretaker boss eddie gray has issued a grim warning for whoever becomes the club 's next permanent manager - relegation and the financial meltdown that would follow are firmly on the cards .
australian coach chris anderson was full of praise for his team after their ##-## third test win over great britain here on saturday secured a first ashes clean-sweep .
chinese premier wen jiabao has urged the united states to deter taiwan from adopting laws that could pave the way for a referendum on the island 's independence , warning that china would `` pay any price to safeguard the unity of the motherland , '' the washington post reported on its web site saturday .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan spoke saturday of his shame that the bombers who blew themselves in a week of carnage in istanbul were fellow turks as police rounded up more suspects .
wayne gretzky led a team of edmonton alumni to a #-# shut-out of a team of <unk> saturday , the glittering group of old-timers acting as the warm-up act for the national hockey league 's first outdoor regular-season game .
chinese premier wen jiabao has urged the united states to deter taiwan from adopting laws that could pave the way for a referendum on the island 's independence , warning that china would `` pay any price to safeguard the unity of the motherland , '' the washington post reported on its web site saturday .
asylum seekers refused refugee status in britain could have their children taken into care if they refuse voluntary repatriation under government plans to be outlined this week , the home office confirmed sunday .
croatians go to the polls sunday for a legislative election , opposing the incumbent moderates and nationalist opposition , that will decide who will lead the balkan country into the european union .
south korea 's semi-final showing at the #### football world cup should set an example to rugby if the #### renewal is to be more competitive , australian coach eddie jones said .
hong kong residents were voting sunday in elections seen as the first test of support for political change since massive pro-democracy protests in july shook the city .
new zealand coach john mitchell should n't have to undergo the humiliation of <unk> for his job said england 's victorious world cup coach clive woodward .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov arrived in the georgian capital tbilisi early sunday for talks with both the government and the opposition which stormed the parliament saturday after weeks of protest .
chinese president hu jintao has called on the country 's public security departments to step up efforts to improve law and order , state media said sunday .
leaders of georgia 's breakaway republics of abkhazia and south ossetia kept a close eye on the turmoil boiling in tbilisi , the two regions ' top officials said .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi has condemned the recent suicide bombings in turkey which left ## people dead and injured hundreds , saying the attacks tarnished islam .
creditors stepped up pressure sunday on the patriarch of south korea 's second largest conglomerate lg group , warning the group 's ailing credit card unit could be insolvent this week .
foreign affairs minister alexander downer said sunday an australian man , suspected of being a saddam hussein loyalist , had been arrested by british troops in iraq .
thai police inspected hundreds of orang-utans and tigers in a raid on a private bangkok zoo as part of a campaign to wipe out illegal wildlife trade , reports said sunday .
the us federal bureau of investigation is routinely monitoring civic groups it believes might commit acts of violence or terrorism in the hope of furthering political goals , a bureau official said late saturday .
the government said sunday an australian woman was killed in the bombings in turkey , correcting previous information that none of its nationals were among the ## dead .
the anglican archbishop of sydney threatened sunday to turn his back on the world 's anglican authority over its tolerance of gay clergy , warning of the possibility of a global split in the church .
australia coach eddie jones said sunday rugby union had to look at new ways of preventing the game being constantly interrupted by injury stoppages .
the government said sunday an australian woman was killed in the recent bombings in turkey , correcting previous information that none of its nationals were among the dead .
mexico 's javier jauregui won the vacant international boxing federation lightweight title saturday , stopping <unk> johnson in the ##th round of their scheduled ##-rounder .
taiwan 's health authorities were on alert sunday due to a spate of dysentery cases amongst taiwanese tourists who have visited indonesia 's popular resort island of bali .
hong kong 's health chief sunday warned people to keep up their guard against a possible resurgence of the deadly sars virus and other infectious diseases amid a gastroenteritis outbreak .
polling stations opened at #:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- sunday in croatia 's general election , which will decide who leads the balkan country into the european union .
wayne gretzky led a team of edmonton alumni to a #-# shut-out of a team of <unk> saturday , the glittering group of old-timers acting as the warm-up act for the national hockey league 's first outdoor regular-season game .
a drug addict from beijing and five people from southern china 's guangdong province have been executed for robbery , murder and drug manufacturing , state media reported sunday .
china reported ### forest fires in september and october , up ###.# percent over the same period last year , state media reported sunday .
fans of michael jackson held candlelight vigils saturday to support their idol as the entertainer hunkered down at a nevada resort following his arrest this week on child molestation charges .
foreign affairs minister alexander downer said sunday an australian man , suspected of being a saddam hussein loyalist , had been arrested by british troops in iraq .
indonesian troops have killed six suspected separatist rebels in clashes and raids in the conflict-hit province of aceh , the military said sunday .
a visit to iran by italian foreign minister franco frattini has been postponed due to scheduling problems , diplomats said sunday .
russia 's foreign minister arrived sunday at the residence of embattled georgian president eduard shevardnadze for talks on the political crisis in the country .
croatians went to the polls sunday for a legislative election , opposing the incumbent moderates and nationalist opposition , that will decide who will lead the balkan country into the european union .
the iranian foreign ministry said sunday it had launched an investigation into a firebomb attack on the british embassy here , adding that security around the mission had also been stepped up .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon called egyptian president hosni moubarak to ask about his health following his recent illness , the egyptian press agency mena said sunday .
hundreds of scientists and tourists were preparing to head south sunday for a chance to glimpse one of the year 's unusual sights -- a a rare solar eclipse over antarctica .
a court in northeast china has sentenced three people to death for defrauding #,### people through investment schemes , state media said sunday .
ten turkish miners are feared dead after an explosion in a coal mine in the southern town of <unk> , the anatolia news agency reported on sunday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon called egyptian president hosni mubarak to ask about his health following his recent illness , the egyptian press agency mena said sunday .
creditors stepped up pressure sunday on the patriarch of south korea 's second largest conglomerate lg group , warning its ailing credit card unit could become insolvent this week .
istanbul 's british community gathered on sunday to pray for the victims of a string of bombings in the city that killed more than ## people , including a top british diplomat .
a french warship is paying a five-day goodwill visit to the chinese port city of zhanjiang in southern guangdong province , chinese media reported sunday .
georgia 's opposition leader called for supporters to turn out for a second day of massive protests sunday , a day after protestors stormed parliament and the nation 's embattled president declared a state of emergency .
rain delayed the start of the third and final one-day cricket international between sri lanka and england at the premadasa stadium here on sunday .
the taiwanese government is to unveil ## ambitious infrastructure projects expected to cost tens of billions of dollars over the next five years , officials said sunday .
two australian men were trapped in a snow cave in freezing conditions for two days on new zealand 's southern alps after high winds prevented their scheduled pick-up , police said sunday .
international security assistance force -lrb- isaf -rrb- peacekeepers were sunday investigating an explosion at the intercontinental hotel in west kabul which caused some damage but no casualties .
three turkish nationals were arrested on suspicion of involvement in a suicide bombing that killed five people in iraq 's northern oil center last week , an official of the kurdish faction that runs the city said sunday .
for many <unk> iranians , having a drive in a mercedes is something of a dream come true .
russia 's foreign minister held talks sunday with the embattled georgian president eduard shevardnadze on the political crisis engulfing the former soviet republic .
a german self-declared cannibal who says his victim volunteered to be eaten has told a sunday newspaper that he wants to write his memoirs to deter other people from following his example .
an afghan refugee family separated for four years by australia 's hardline refugee policies were finally reunited in new zealand sunday .
an afghan refugee family separated for four years by australia 's hardline refugee policies was finally reunited in new zealand sunday .
a moselle wine from the german town of zell was crowned the world 's best riesling after a tasting that put ## varieties of the white wine to a test .
thai police said sunday they would charge the owner of a private bangkok zoo with illegal possession of protected wildlife after a raid exposed hundreds of orang-utans and tigers on the premises .
around ##,### people were evacuated sunday morning in the northern city of milan to allow bomb disposal experts to defuse a half-ton bomb in the biggest such evacuation since world war ii .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban sunday claimed responsibility for an explosion at kabul 's largest hotel and warned of further attacks aimed at foreigners .
at least six maoist rebels were killed sunday when nepalese troops raided a village believed to be used for guerrilla training , police said .
it is not `` ### percent '' sure that al-qaeda was behind thursday 's suicide bombings on british targets in istanbul , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said sunday .
norway won the women 's #x#km cross country relay in world cup nordic skiing action here on sunday .
libya deported some ### egyptian workers who were arrested on charges of trying to emigrate illegally to italy , some of the deportees and an airport official said sunday .
georgia 's opposition leader called on supporters sunday to seize the interior ministry and state television station .
england 's world cup-winning rugby team are set for a heroes ' welcome when they return from australia on tuesday .
a south african has been killed and a canadian seriously wounded in an attack near their mining concession in the southeastern katanga region of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- , their driver said sunday .
embarrassed indian authorities ordered an inquiry sunday after a special environmentally friendly bus broke down as it brought former us president bill clinton back from the taj mahal .
georgia 's opposition leader called on supporters sunday to seize the interior ministry and state television station , a day after they stormed the parliament .
iran 's foreign ministry on sunday angrily dismissed as `` worthless '' a un resolution drafted by canada that rebukes iran for rights violations , and said the text was `` politically motivated '' .
one person was killed and four others wounded sunday after afghan troops opened fire in kabul as sacked civil servants forced their way into the defense ministry to demand outstanding pay , officials said .
the european union is sending a special representative to crisis-torn georgia , who will arrive in tbilisi on sunday , the italian foreign ministry , whose country holds the rotating eu presidency , announced here .
kuwait city , nov ## -lrb- afp -rrb- - the installation of the first mobile phone network in southern iraq has been delayed for security reasons , but the kuwaiti contractor insisted sunday the project will go ahead .
bangladeshi prime minister khaleda zia returned home sunday from an ##-day pilgrimage to islam 's holy sites in saudi arabia , her office said .
amelie mauresmo guided france to fed cup victory here on sunday with a #-# , #-# win over american meghann shaughnessy which gave the french an unbeatable #-# lead in the final .
tens of thousands of demonstrators in <unk> sunday protested government plans to build italy 's first nuclear waste repository in the region in the extreme south of italy .
georgia 's national guard has joined the opposition in its standoff against embattled president eduard shevardnadze , a leading opposition figure told thousands of protestors in central tbilisi sunday .
indonesian troops have killed seven suspected separatist rebels , including a district commander , in clashes and raids in the conflict-hit province of aceh , the military and police said sunday .
china 's premier wen jiabao will pay official visits to the united states , canada , mexico and ethiopia from december # to ## , the foreign ministry said sunday .
amelie mauresmo guided france to fed cup victory here on sunday with a #-# , #-# win in an hour over american meghann shaughnessy , which gave the french an unbeatable #-# lead in the best-of-five final .
the nigerian government is to recover more than ### million dollars from former aviation ministers , managing directors and top officials named in a nigeria airways corruption probe report released sunday .
polling stations opened in madagascar 's ## largest cities on sunday , two weeks after president marc ravalomanana 's i love madagascar -lrb- tim -rrb- party fared well in rural votes .
`` considerably '' fewer islamic rebels are entering indian kashmir because india has put more troops and better technology on the disputed border with pakistan , a top army official said sunday .
three malaysian tourists were killed and ## others were injured sunday when their bus crashed on a mountain road in southern thailand .
the west indies were routed by zimbabwe at the queens sports club here on sunday for ### all out in the second of a five-match one-day international series .
world champions england enjoyed a further triple success here sunday following their world cup final win over australia .
a us soldier was killed and two wounded when their vehicle struck an improvised explosive device of the type favored by iraqi insurgents north of baghdad sunday , a spokesman said .
georgia 's national guard has joined the opposition in its standoff against embattled president eduard shevardnadze , a leading opposition figure told thousands of protestors in central tbilisi sunday .
australian jason dawes won the ###,### us dollar acer taiwan open by a comfortable eight strokes over india 's jeev milkha singh for his maiden asian pga tour triumph .
a un agricultural development fund will work with other countries to help ethiopian farmers market their produce and gain access to credit facilities , a news report said sunday .
georgia 's opposition leader called on supporters sunday to seize the interior ministry and state television station , a day after they stormed the parliament .
the third and final one-day cricket international between england and sri lanka was washed out without a ball being bowled at the <unk> stadium here on sunday .
turkey expressed concern on sunday over the political crisis in neighboring georgia and said it was pressing both sides to reconcile peacefully .
tatiana navka and roman kostomarov grabbed a third title for russia by winning the ice dance section of the cup of russia , the fifth event of the isu grand prix series here on sunday .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban sunday said they were behind a blast at kabul 's largest hotel and warned the rare strike on a target in the afghan capital would be followed by more attacks on foreigners .
iraq 's interim government sunday appointed rand rahim <unk> as ambassador to the united states , the first iraqi envoy to washington in ## years .
england 's world cup-winning rugby team are set for a heroes ' welcome when they return from australia on tuesday .
the former senior rabbi of the israeli town of ramat gan near tel aviv was found guilty sunday of receiving cash in exchange for certificates showing that people had converted to judaism , judicial sources said .
here is a chronology of major events in georgia 's political crisis following contested parliamentary elections on november # .
fans of michael jackson held candlelight vigils in the united states and europe this weekend in support of the pop icon arrested earlier last week on charges of molesting a child .
an egyptian court has freed three men who had already spent three years in jail for a murder they never committed , the government newspaper al-akhbar reported sunday .
sydney-based forward adrian morley said great britain will have to build on match consistency and develop a winning culture if they are to break their ongoing jinx against rugby league world champions australia .
germany won the men 's #x##km cross country relay in world cup nordic skiing action here on sunday .
iraq 's interim government on sunday appointed rand rahim <unk> as ambassador to the united states , the first iraqi envoy to washington in ## years .
india on sunday test-fired for a fifth time the brahmos cruise missile it has developed jointly with russia , officials said .
germany called sunday on authorities and opposition leaders in georgia to avoid bloodshed in the crisis shaking the country amid a controversy over the result of parliamentary elections .
seven thousand workers from an automobile parts factory blocked railroad lines and city roads in xiangfan city , hubei province to protest against planned layoffs , a human rights group said sunday .
embattled georgian president eduard shevardnadze told the country 's opposition he was ready to discuss holding early presidential and parliamentary elections in the caucasus country .
jia qinglin , head of china 's nominal lower house of parliament , began a five-day visit to india sunday saying he wanted to build on the warming relationship between the world 's most populous countries .
tikrit , iraq , <unk> forces was killed when he drew a weapon as soldiers moved to arrest him .
turkey 's deputy prime minister on sunday dismissed suggestions that the deadly bombings in istanbul would distance the country from the eu but said the attacks may have some links with the situation in iraq and the middle east .
pakistan strongly reacted sunday to a statement by afghan president hamid karzai 's casting doubt over islamabad 's cooperation in the fight against terrorism .
brazilian ze roberto has handed bayern munich coach ottmar hitzfeld a selection dilemma ahead of the potentially crucial champions league clash against group a rivals celtic .
portuguese deputy prime minister jose luis arnaut will officially inaugurate the algarve stadium sunday which will host games during next year 's european football championships .
mozambique 's ruling frelimo party is far ahead of its closest rival , former rebel group renamo , in preliminary results from last week 's municipal elections , officials said late saturday .
georgia 's embattled president eduard shevardnadze said that members of his government were holding talks sunday with opposition leaders .
six employees of kellogg brown root , a subsidiary of us oil giant halliburton , were wounded in an explosion at a heavily protected building in iraq 's northern oil center of kirkuk , a kbr spokesperson said here sunday .
france international goalkeeper gregory coupet will make lyon 's trip to anderlecht on tuesday for their champions league group a clash but is still uncertain to play due to ongoing stomach muscle problems .
pakistan sunday reacted strongly to a statement by afghan president hamid karzai 's casting doubt over islamabad 's cooperation in the fight against terrorism .
iraq 's interim government on sunday appointed rand rahim <unk> as ambassador to the united states , the first iraqi envoy to washington in ## years , in a move it said was aimed at putting across the `` face of the new iraq '' .
mobil producing nigeria -lrb- mpn -rrb- , a nigerian subsidiary of the us giant exxonmobil , sunday reported an oil spill in southeastern akwa ibom state .
bangladesh 's tea exports slumped #.## percent in the first nine months of this year despite increased production due to favourable weather , industry officials said sunday .
borussia dortmund president gerd niebaum will stay in his post for a further three years after winning ### out of the ### votes at dortmund 's annual general meeting .
israel has decided to release ## jordanian prisoners as a goodwill gesture towards its <unk> on the eve of the muslim festival of eid , the prime minister 's office said sunday .
kuwait 's education ministry denied sunday that a number of school girls were banned from classrooms for not wearing the muslim hijab headscarf , saying the issue has been exaggerated .
northern ireland 's modern history of violent sectarian strife was born out of partition in #### , which kept the northernmost part of the isle under the control of colonial ruler , britain , rather than that of the <unk> irish state in the south .
northern ireland 's voters go to the polls on wednesday to elect new representatives for the province 's troubled assembly .
in all , ## parties will battle it out this wednesday in elections for the northern ireland assembly , with ### candidates trying to win one of ### seats .
croatia 's picturesque dalmatian coast is enjoying a strong revival in the tourism industry after the ####-## war , and voters here hope it will stay that way after sunday 's general election .
georgia 's embattled president , eduard shevardnadze , on sunday sacked his national security advisor amid a spiraling conflict with the opposition .
croatians went to the polls on sunday for legislative elections , the fourth since the balkan country proclaimed independence from the former yugoslavia .
georgia 's embattled president , eduard shevardnadze , on sunday sacked his national security advisor amid a spiralling conflict with the opposition .
three us soldiers were killed in northern iraq sunday , including two in the heart of the city of mosul and one near the flashpoint town of baqubah , military spokesmen said .
air traffic at israel 's ben gurion international airport was suspended sunday as part of ongoing industrial action after baggage handlers refused to load and unload planes .
zimbabwe batsman mark vermeulen steered his shaky colleagues to victory in a <unk> match at queens sports club here sunday to level the five-match one-day series against west indies at #-# .
ireland will place african issues as high up the agenda as possible during its six-month presidency of the european union starting in january , foreign minister brian cowan said here sunday .
a georgian opposition leader called sunday for thousands of supporters gathered in the center of tbilisi to march on the residence of beleaguered president eduard shevardnadze outside the capital .
france on sunday called for calm and restraint in georgia , a day after protestors disputing the results of a parliamentary election stormed the parliament and the president declared a state of emergency .
the international association of athletics federations -lrb- iaaf -rrb- confirmed sunday that the japanese city of fukuoka would host the ##th world cross country championships in #### on april # and # .
three kurdish rebels were killed sunday in northern turkey in a clash with turkish security forces , local officials told anatolia news agency .
turkmenistan sunday secured their place in the asian preliminary world cup qualifying competition with two late goals against afghanistan at kabul olympic stadium .
nepalese prime minister surya bahadur thapa arrived here sunday on a three-day visit for talks on strengthening an association of south asian nations which is set to hold a summit in january .
the trial of ## people accused of being involved in the biggest bank fraud in mozambique 's history is due to take place next month , a newspaper reported sunday .
around #,### people gathered in a tehran mosque sunday to mark the fifth anniversary of the grisly murders by intelligence agents of two prominent iranian dissidents , voicing renewed calls for justice and a shake-up of the islamic regime .
a georgian opposition leader sunday urged thousands of supporters gathered in the center of tbilisi to march on the residence of beleaguered president eduard shevardnadze , outside the capital .
two us-led <unk> have been killed there than anywhere else in the country .
a german self-declared cannibal who says his victim volunteered to be eaten has told a sunday newspaper that he is sorry and wants to write his memoirs to deter other people from doing the same .
canadian miner cambior 's new <unk> gold mine is set to begin shipment of gold bars in february , the project 's general manager denis <unk> said sunday .
afghanistan sunday held a ceremony in memory of slain french un worker bettina goislard who was shot dead by suspected taliban last week , a foreign ministry official said .
a georgian opposition leader sunday urged thousands of supporters gathered in the center of tbilisi to march on the residence of beleaguered president eduard shevardnadze , outside the capital .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban sunday said they were behind a blast at kabul 's largest hotel and warned the rare strike on a target in the afghan capital would be followed by more attacks on foreigners .
chelsea manager claudio ranieri insisted sunday that the days of manchester united and arsenal 's stranglehold on the premiership title are numbered .
us civil administrator in iraq paul bremer has launched the process of drawing up a basic law for the transitional period in iraq until a new constitution is voted on in two years ' time , a spokesman said sunday .
the us-led coalition has ordered the suspension of all civilian flights into baghdad after a missile strike on a cargo jet belonging to german-owned courier dhl , a senior military spokesman said sunday .
iraq 's interim government on sunday appointed rand rahim <unk> as ambassador to the united states , the first iraqi envoy to washington in ## years , in a move it said was aimed at putting across the `` face of the new iraq '' .
senegal has disposed of ### tonnes of obsolete and dangerous pesticides to be destroyed in germany with financial help from the netherlands , media reports said sunday .
manchester united and england defender rio ferdinand should be suspended for a `` substantial time '' , according to the iaaf 's anti-doping chief arne ljungqvist .
marcio amoroso 's agent <unk> <unk> has confirmed that his client will return to borussia dortmund `` next weekend '' but added that the club would be best to sell the striker to combat their well-documented financial problems .
around #,### people gathered in a tehran mosque sunday to mark the fifth anniversary of the grisly murders by intelligence agents of two prominent iranian dissidents , voicing renewed calls for justice and a shake-up of the islamic regime .
west brom striker lee hughes is being sought by detectives in connection with a hit and run accident late on saturday in which an elderly man died .
a top american general visiting a us base in saddam hussein 's hometown said sunday coalition troops would stay in iraq as long as it takes to restore stability , and stressed no decision had been made on the duration of the deployment .
rangers midfielder mikel arteta has added to manager alex mcleish 's injury woes after being ruled out of his team 's crucial champions league game at stuttgart because of a leg muscle problem .
raja casablanca of morocco won the last edition of the caf cup after holding cotonsport garoua of cameroon #-# sunday in the second leg of the final .
india 's commerce minister <unk> maran died here sunday after a prolonged illness , relatives said .
georgian opposition leaders and russia 's foreign minister arrived on sunday at the residence of embattled president eduard shevardnadze , according to an afp reporter on the scene .
raja casablanca of morocco forced a #-# draw with cotonsport garoua of cameroon to win the last edition of the caf cup on sunday .
more violence struck iraq sunday as three us soldiers were killed in attacks , a us-appointed iraqi police colonel was reported shot dead and three attempted attacks were foiled on key oil pipelines .
fans of michael jackson held candlelight vigils in the united states and europe this weekend in support of the pop icon arrested last week on charges of molesting a child .
raja casablanca of morocco forced a #-# draw with cotonsport garoua of cameroon sunday to win the last edition of the caf cup .
two egyptian siamese twin sisters who were separated during an operation in a saudi hospital returned to egypt on sunday , an afp journalist said .
president tassos papadopoulos of cyprus said in an interview published on sunday that turkey lacked the political resolve to work for a deal to end the ##-year division of the mediterranean island .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze resigned sunday , after weeks of protests forced the man who helped end the cold war to step down , georgia 's television reported .
kenya 's peter korir was the runaway winner of the ##th san sebastian marathon , winning over the classic distance in #hr ##min ##sec on sunday .
three us soldiers were killed in northern iraq sunday as the us-led coalition closed baghdad airport to civilian flights and insurgents kept up their attacks .
three us soldiers were killed in northern iraq sunday as the us-led coalition closed baghdad airport to civilian flights and insurgents kept up their attacks .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze confirmed sunday that he had resigned as head of the tiny caucasian country , national television reported .
a court in zimbabwe is monday due to begin hearing an appeal by the daily news , closed down two months ago , to be allowed to publish , the paper 's legal adviser said sunday .
england scrum-half matt dawson described his move that set up jonny wilkinson 's world cup-winning drop kick as a ` schoolboy dummy ' .
roma crushed bologna #-# on sunday to keep up the pressure on champions juventus but serie a was left hanging its head in shame after four players were sent off in a bloody battle between lazio and perugia .
a plaque marking the visit to lithuania a year ago by us president george w. bush was unveiled in the capital of the baltic country on sunday .
the european union hopes georgia will enjoy a peaceful handover of power following the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze , a spokeswoman for eu foreign affairs envoy javier solana said on sunday .
the turkish government called sunday on muslim preachers to condemn `` terrorism '' and pray for national unity at the country 's mosques following a wave of deadly bombings .
prime minister zafarullah jamali sunday announced a unilateral ceasefire by pakistan along the line of control that divides disputed kashmir and asked rival india to give a positive response .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze resigned sunday , after weeks of protests forced the man who helped end the cold war to step down , national television reported .
the internationals and the americans shared the presidents cup sunday for the first time in history after bad light prevented the match from being completed .
world leaders on sunday called for a peaceful handover of power in georgia as embattled president eduard shevardnadze bowed to the will of his people and stepped down after pledging to avoid bloodshed .
the european union hopes georgia will enjoy a peaceful handover of power , a spokeswoman for eu foreign affairs envoy javier solana said sunday after embattled president eduard shevardnadze resigned .
british prime minister tony blair , who only just finished entertaining his last american guest , plays the animated host sunday to homer simpson in the hit us cartoon `` the simpsons .
the internationals and the americans shared the presidents cup sunday for the first time in history after bad light prevented the match from being completed .
polling booths closed at ##:## pm -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- in croatia 's legislative election sunday , national radio reported .
republic of ireland star robbie keane helped move tottenham four places up the premiership table on sunday by scoring the winner in a #-# win over aston villa at white hart lane .
a day after jonny wilkinson kicked the world cup winning drop goal , his newcastle teammate dave <unk> followed his example by booting a late drop to clinch a ##-## victory over london irish in the english premiership on sunday .
republic of ireland star robbie keane helped move tottenham four places up the premiership table on sunday by scoring the winner in a #-# win over aston villa at white hart lane .
the united states is closely watching the political scene in georgia following the resignation of president eduard shevardnadze , the state department said sunday .
burundian president domitien ndayizeye on sunday formed a new government that includes pierre nkurunziza , the former leader of the country 's largest hutu rebel group , the forces for the defense of democracy -lrb- fdd -rrb- .
burundian president domitien ndayizeye on sunday formed a new government that includes pierre nkurunziza , the former leader of the country 's largest hutu rebel group , the forces for the defense of democracy -lrb- fdd -rrb- .
the internationals and the americans shared the presidents cup sunday for the first time in history after bad light prevented the match from being completed .
a whiskered mike myers won over north american audiences this weekend , earning more than ## million dollars at the box office .
celtic manager martin o'neill believes striker chris sutton is playing so well that he deserves a recall to the england squad .
croatia 's opposition nationalists claimed victory in sunday 's parliamentary election , although the next government is likely to be a coalition since no single party is expected to win outright .
croatia 's opposition nationalists claimed victory in sunday 's parliamentary election , although the next government is likely to be a coalition since no single party is expected to win outright .
croatia 's outgoing prime minister , ivica racan , whose social democrats -lrb- sdp -rrb- faced a tough challenge from opposition nationalists in sunday 's parliamentary election , said the incoming coalition government would not be stable without his party .
croatia 's outgoing prime minister , ivica racan , whose social democrats -lrb- sdp -rrb- faced a tough challenge from opposition nationalists in sunday 's parliamentary election , said the incoming coalition government would not be stable without his party .
french prime minister jean-pierre raffarin on sunday said he believed his country 's economy had turned the corner from spluttering growth this year and would steadily expand from now on .
kuwait 's energy minister said sunday that the emirate could take a dispute with neighbouring gulf giant iran over an offshore gas field to international arbitration if bilateral talks fail .
opec member kuwait is against increasing production to curb soaring oil prices , the emirate 's energy minister sheikh ahmad fahd al-sabah said sunday .
the beatification of pope john paul ii 's immediate predecessor , john paul i , got underway sunday in his northern italian diocese of <unk> .
religious authorities in most muslim countries across the middle east have announced that the eid al-fitr holiday marking the end of the holy fasting month of ramadan will be celebrated either tuesday or wednesday .
air traffic at israel 's ben gurion international airport resumed sunday after a seven-hour delay caused by baggage handlers taking part in a wildcat labor action , the airport said .
bradford city are set to name former england captain bryan robson as their new manager in an attempt to stop them from slipping into the english second division .
three palestinian islamists were expelled sunday night by israel to the gaza strip from the west bank , raising to six the number of such punishments carried out this month , israeli military sources said .
three palestinian islamists were expelled sunday night by israel to the gaza strip from the west bank , raising to six the number of such punishments carried out this month , israeli military sources said .
finland 's kalle palander won the <unk> rocca was fourth - and possibly in position to grab a podium place should the protest succeed - with a total time of #:##.## .
roma crushed bologna #-# on sunday to keep up the pressure on champions juventus but serie a was left hanging its head in shame after four players were sent off in a bloody battle between lazio and perugia .
georgia 's acting president nino burjanadze said late sunday she did not know whether she would run for president when elections are called following the resignation earlier of veteran georgian leader eduard shevardnadze .
the united states on sunday offered assistance to conflicting parties in georgia in the hope of avoiding violence in the volatile former soviet republic , following the resignation of its president , eduard shevardnadze .
burundian president domitien ndayizeye on sunday formed a new government that included pierre nkurunziza , the former leader of the country 's largest hutu rebel group .
austrian rainer schoenfelder was <unk> from second place in the opening slalom of the men 's world cup season here sunday , finnish delegation chief christian leitner said .
here is a chronology of major events in georgia 's political crisis following contested parliamentary elections on november # .
a us military helicopter crashed sunday near the us military base in bagram , afghanistan , killing at least five soldiers and injuring seven others , the us military announced .
the united states is looking forward to working with georgia 's interim president nino burjanadze `` in her effort to maintain the integrity of georgia 's democracy , '' the us state department announced late sunday .
a total solar eclipse was underway over antarctica early monday morning , an official at new zealands scott base said .
<unk> juma scored twice as the united arab emirates beat ##-man sri lanka #-# to book their place in the finals of the #### asian cup finals .
reigning world cup slalom titlist kalle palander picked up where he left off sunday , winning the first slalom of the season .
fans of michael jackson held candlelight vigils in the united states and europe this weekend in support of the pop icon arrested last week on charges of molesting a child .
hearts skipper steven pressley will miss thursday 's uefa cup clash against bordeaux after picking up a thigh injury in his team 's #-# derby win over hibs on sunday .
british forces in iraq have released an australian man detained last week during a raid on suspected saddam hussein loyalists in the south of the country , foreign minister alexander downer said monday .
a us military helicopter crashed sunday outside an american military base near the afghan capital of kabul , killing at least five soldiers and injuring seven others in another setback for the us military .
christian vieri could snuff out arsenal 's troubled champions league campaign here on tuesday - and inter milan coach alberto zaccheroni wants him to do it with a smile on his face .
celtic midfielder neil lennon insists that making the second stage of the champions league will be even a greater achievement than reaching last season 's uefa cup final .
an indian man who claims divine inspiration says he has survived ## years without eating , drinking or relieving himself , baffling doctors who are unable to prove him an imposter .
<unk> juma scored twice as the united arab emirates beat ##-man sri lanka #-# to book their place in the finals of the #### asian cup finals .
the aid agency care australia will decide shortly whether to withdraw its expatriate staff from iraq following a weekend attack on its baghdad headquarters , agency officials said here monday .
hong kong gold prices opened higher monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
honiara , nov ## -lrb- afp -rrb- the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- monday signed a new poverty alleviation agreement with the solomon islands government .
hong kong share prices rose #.## percent in opening trade monday following gains on wall street at the end of last week , dealers said .
the dollar rose against the yen and euro monday but is expected to surrender its gains because investors ' sentiment towards the greenback is still bearish , dealers said .
a new round of talks will be held in washington this week to try to iron out obstacles in the way of a us-australia free trade agreement -lrb- fta -rrb- , australian trade minister mark vaile said monday .
authorities have vowed to tackle beijing 's chronic traffic problems by installing ### cameras and assigning ### more police in a bid to ease regular <unk> in the olympic city , state press said monday .
nine foreigners were killed early monday in a fire that destroyed a university hostel in the russian capital moscow , the russian news agencies reported , quoting officials with the city 's fire department .
eighteen foreign students died early monday in a fire that destroyed a university hostel in the russian capital moscow , the ria novosti news agency reported , quoting officials with the city 's fire department .
australia and france put months of diplomatic acrimony over the war in iraq behind them on monday to sign two agreements aimed at improving bilateral relations .
oil prices were lower in asian trading monday after opec member kuwait predicted prices would drop in the first quarter of next year , dealers said .
fourteen miners are dead and nine more are missing after a gas explosion at a coalmine in china 's central henan province , state media reported monday .
shares in australia 's wmc resources plunged more than four percent monday after the company said damage at one of its key projects would cost it #.# million australian dollars -lrb- #.## million us dollars -rrb- a day .
twenty eight people died early monday in a fire that destroyed a university hostel in the russian capital moscow , a spokesman for the russian emergencies ministry said .
rugby supremo syd millar on monday declared sydney 's rugby world cup the most successful tournament yet , as organisers said they expect revenues of around ## million dollars -lrb- ##.## million us -rrb- .
an australian minister voiced embarrassment and regret monday over an incident in which new zealand prime minister helen clark was frisked for explosives by security agents at sydney airport .
people of the previously lawless and strife-torn <unk> region of guadalcanal in solomon islands have elected a new member of parliament to replace his predecessor who was assassinated ## months ago , an electoral official said monday .
a woman who hired a hit man to kill her husband 's lover got more than she bargained for when the assassin murdered her instead , state media reported monday .
a woman who hired a hit man to kill her husband 's lover got more than she bargained for when the assassin murdered her instead , state media reported monday .
china is set to launch its asset and mortgage-backed securities markets next year , state press reported monday .
twenty eight people died early monday in a fire that destroyed a university hostel in the russian capital moscow , a spokesman for the russian emergencies ministry said .
xinjiang hops company , the financially troubled beer and barley supplier , said monday securities regulators have approved its application to trade its shares under `` special treatment '' -lrb- st -rrb- rules .
philippine share prices closed flat monday , coming off early losses following the resignation of finance secretary jose isidro camacho , president gloria arroyo 's top economic adviser , dealers said .
hong kong share prices closed flat in morning trade on monday , dealers said .
five senior members of aung san suu kyi 's pro-democracy party have been released after nearly six months under house arrest , myanmar 's military government said monday .
chinese securities regulators have proposed a new plan to sell off shares in state-owned enterprises , a problem which has bedevilled the government and stock markets for more than two years , a report said monday .
five senior members of aung san suu kyi 's pro-democracy party have been released after nearly six months under house arrest , myanmar 's military government said monday .
the baltimore ravens rallied from a ##-point deficit in the final seven minutes to beat seattle ##-## in overtime on sunday and keep a share of the lead in the national football league 's afc north division .
new zealand share prices closed flat in light trade monday , dealers said .
philippine share prices closed flat monday , coming off early losses following the resignation of finance secretary jose isidro camacho , president gloria arroyo 's top economic adviser , dealers said .
landslides and floods triggered by hours of heavy rain have killed three people and forced more than #,### people to flee their homes in indonesia 's densely-populated east java province , police said monday .
prosecutors on monday raided an affiliate of the samsung group , south korea 's largest conglomerate , in a widening probe of slush funds provided by businesses to politicians , officials said .
australian shares closed little changed , adding just #.## percent monday with gains in telstra and banking stocks offset by a slide in resources companies , dealers said .
a ##-year-old aboriginal woman survived a crocodile attack in northern australia by beating the giant reptile with a bag of mussels she had just collected , police said monday .
the colourful characters of the hit children 's show sesame street are poised to make their debut in khmer following the approval of a cambodian pilot program , the director said monday .
indonesia 's army top brass is visiting aceh , days after authorities extended martial law in the province in a renewed attempt to crush separatist rebels .
australian shares closed up #.## percent higher tuesday as blue chips such as news corp. and resources took heart from gains on the us markets overnight , dealers said .
australian captain john fitzgerald has blasted the international tennis federation 's decision to play this weekend 's davis cup final against spain under a roof if rain intervenes .
australia is killing off its koalas at the rate of ##,### a year through land-clearing , more than ### scientists warned in an appeal to its political leaders tuesday .
villagers in southern china 's guangxi area accused local police tuesday of arresting bible owners and sentencing them to labor camps as part of a campaign to weed out `` illegal religious organizations .
a south korean employee has been found dead at a nuclear power plant construction site in north korea , sparking a government investigation , officials here said tuesday .
south korean share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday in a rebound from the previous day 's steep fall as large caps performed strongly on futures-linked buying and retail bargain-hunting , dealers said .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday as late profit-taking trimmed early gains driven by a rebound on wall street , dealers said .
a police guard and a muslim shopkeeper were killed and four people injured when suspected muslim rebels attacked the car of a hindu politician in kashmir , police said tuesday .
three iraqis were wounded tuesday when a booby-trapped bomb planted at the entrance of the main hotel in the northern city of kirkuk went off , iraqi police said .
lg card , south korea 's largest credit card company , said tuesday it will cut its workforce by a quarter as part of a drastic restructuring following a huge bailout .
international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- chairman ehsan mani said tuesday pakistan will be safe for the new zealand cricketers during their upcoming tour .
philippine airlines -lrb- pal -rrb- said tuesday its net loss widened nearly ten-fold to ###.# million pesos -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- in the second quarter due to low passenger loads .
major japanese electronics maker toshiba said tuesday it will raise its investment in semiconductor output by ## percent to meet growing demand for digital cameras and camera-equipped cellular phones .
nine people have been charged by a turkish state security court over last week 's bomb attacks on british targets in istanbul , turkish media reports said tuesday .
thousands of nationalists protested tuesday against a visit to sri lanka by eu external relations commissioner chris patten , denouncing foreign involvement in the country 's efforts to end years of unrest .
the head of the central command , general john abizaid , said tuesday `` american military presence will no longer be needed '' once the future iraqi government can guarantee the country 's security .
deutsche post , the semi-privatised german postal authority , will put up to ## percent of its banking services subsidiary deutsche postbank on the market next autumn , deutsche post chairman klaus zumwinkel told foreign reporters here late monday .
exchanges of fire across the disputed kashmiri border have decreased since india said it would respond positively to pakistan 's announcement of unilateral ceasefire , police said tuesday .
nine people have been charged by a turkish state security court over last week 's attacks on british targets in istanbul , turkish media reports said tuesday .
cambodian prime minister hun sen 's nephew nim sophea was charged in a phnom penh court tuesday over a shooting spree in the capital last month that left three people dead and four wounded .
rich tourists will be allowed to hunt protected saltwater crocodiles under a plan being considered by australia 's northern territory .
the head of the us central command , general john abizaid , said tuesday america 's military presence `` will no longer be needed '' once the future iraqi government can guarantee the country 's security .
world champions brazil eased aside egypt for an eighth straight win in the world cup men 's volleyball on tuesday , ahead of a top-of-the table battle against olympic champions serbia and montenegro .
israeli settlers presented their own middle east peace plan on tuesday which rules out the creation of a palestinian state or the dismantling of any of their settlements .
thai defense minister thamarak <unk> na ayutthaya will lead a high-level military delegation on a three-day visit to myanmar this week , officials said tuesday .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday in active trade after the shanghai composite index breached the key #,###-points resistance level on monday , dealers said .
the south korean government on tuesday signed a final deal to sell hyundai group 's two ailing investment trust units to prudential financial inc. , the financial supervisory commission -lrb- fsc -rrb- said .
vietnam 's consumer prices rose #.# percent in november from a year earlier but were up only #.# percent compared with the previous month , preliminary figures showed tuesday .
a taiwan district court on tuesday sentenced a people-smuggler to death for drowning six chinese illegal women immigrants by throwing them off a boat while trying to escape from authorities .
german reinsurer munich re predicted tuesday it would sustain a net loss for full-year #### despite returning to a profit of ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in the third quarter after a loss of ### million in third quarter #### .
hong kong gold prices closed higher on tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
thousands of cheering fans turned out to welcome back england 's world cup-winning rugby team when they flew into london on tuesday with plans underway to honor the team with a victory parade through the streets of central london .
hong kong share prices closed sharply higher tuesday after gains on wall street , with property counters leading the rally , dealers said .
israeli settlers presented their own middle east peace plan on tuesday which rules out the creation of a palestinian state or the dismantling of any of their settlements .
indian foreign secretary kanwal sibal tuesday hailed fresh peace moves by pakistan , saying they could lead to dialogue between the arch-rivals .
china 's four largest state-owned commercial banks have laid off a quarter million employees in recent years , state media reported tuesday .
india and pakistan have decided to implement a ceasefire along their borders in disputed kashmir from midnight -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- tuesday , an indian foreign ministry statement said .
french household spending on manufactured goods rose #.# percent in october from september and was up #.# percent from october #### , the national statistics institute insee reported tuesday .
master batsman sachin tendulkar cracked ## from ### balls as india opened their australian tour with a warm-up match against state side victoria here tuesday .
the georgian supreme court on tuesday canceled the results of the november # parliamentary elections on grounds of fraud , a supreme court judge announced on national television .
hutu rebels from the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- fired four mortar shells at the residence of burundian president domitien ndayizeye in the capital , bujumbura , but no one was hurt , the chief of security at city hall said tuesday .
malaysia 's new prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi on tuesday gave himself a pass mark for his performance since taking over from mahathir mohamad at the beginning of the month .
hong kong 's exports rose #.# percent in october compared to a year earlier , underpinned by continued robust intra-regional trade after a gain of #.# percent in september , the government said tuesday .
hong kong 's exports rose #.# percent in october compared to a year earlier , underpinned by continued robust intra-regional trade after a gain of #.# percent in september , the government said tuesday .
india and pakistan will implement a ceasefire along their borders in disputed kashmir from midnight -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- tuesday , an indian foreign ministry statement said .
england 's world cup-winning captain martin johnson said tuesday he had yet to decide whether to continue his test career .
the georgian supreme court on tuesday canceled the results of the november # parliamentary elections on grounds of fraud , a supreme court judge announced on national television .
finland 's economy grew by #.# percent in september from august and by #.# percent compared with the same period a year earlier , preliminary figures published by statistics finland showed on tuesday .
ten jordanian prisoners being freed by israel as a goodwill gesture towards its <unk> on the muslim festival of eid al-fitr will arrive in jordan later tuesday , a foreign ministry official said .
hutu rebels from the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- fired four mortar shells at the residence of burundian president domitien ndayizeye in the capital , <unk> , but no one was hurt , the chief of security at city hall said tuesday .
nationalists protested against a visit to sri lanka tuesday by eu external relations commissioner chris patten , denouncing his planned meeting with the country 's top tamil tiger leader .
muslims in northwest pakistan were tuesday marking the end of the holy month of ramadan but their eid-al fitr festivities were marred by a row with other faithful who say celebrations are yet to begin .
the georgian supreme court on tuesday canceled the results of the november # parliamentary elections on grounds of fraud , a supreme court judge announced on national television .
thousands of cheering fans turned out to welcome back england 's world cup-winning rugby team when they flew into london on tuesday with plans underway to honor the team with a victory parade through the streets of central london .
hong kong share prices closed sharply higher tuesday after gains on wall street but dealers said further upside will be capped in thin trade ahead of the us thanksgiving holiday on thursday .
german finance minister hans eichel insisted tuesday that a eurozone pact limiting public deficits remained valid despite an agreement allowing france and germany to escape sanctions for having violated the deal .
police and emergency services were on high alert tuesday in this holy shiite city as thousands flocked here from across iraq to celebrate the eid al-fitr holiday marking the end of the holy month of ramadan , a local iraqi official said .
eu economic affairs commissioner pedro solbes on tuesday denounced an agreement by eurozone ministers allowing france and germany to escape sanctions for failing to respect public deficit limits as without `` legal basis .
a police guard and a muslim shopkeeper were killed and four people injured when suspected muslim rebels attacked the car of a hindu politician in kashmir , police said tuesday .
macaque monkeys , an endangered species , can breathe a sigh of relief after chinese police cracked what is described as the country 's largest wildlife trafficking case ever , state media said tuesday .
anglo-dutch oil and gas giant shell , with partners petronas <unk> of malaysia and the egyptian natural gas holding company , made a new gas discovery off egypt 's northern coast , shell said tuesday .
compilation of final results from mozambique 's second municipal elections has hit a snag following last-minute allegations of irregularities by the main opposition renamo party , state radio said tuesday .
european stock markets struggled to maintain an early burst of momentum on tuesday after a solid showing on wall street , as dealers looked to a feast of us data to feed hopes of an economic revival .
skipper roy keane was missing tuesday when manchester united flew out to athens for wednesday night 's champions league match with panathinaikos .
eu economic affairs commissioner pedro solbes denounced an agreement tuesday by eurozone finance ministers allowing france and germany to escape sanctions for failing to respect public deficit limits as without `` legal basis .
retail prices in germany fell marginally -- by #.# percent -- between october and november , but the provisional rise over a year was #.# percent , slightly more than in the previous month , the federal statistics office said on tuesday .
china warned tuesday that a slew of duties imposed by the united states on chinese products risk damaging bilateral ties in the latest volley of an escalating trade rift between the two nations .
the thai stock market made marginal losses tuesday as investors remained concerned over an investigation into trade manipulation and new measures to curb speculation , brokers said .
master batsman sachin tendulkar cracked ## from ### balls as india opened their australian tour with a warm-up match against state side victoria here tuesday .
us oil giant chevrontexaco will this week resume the production of ##,### barrels per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- of oil suspended last week in the wake of the abduction of ## workers in southern nigeria .
pakistan on tuesday expressed its hopes that a new ceasefire in the disputed region of kashmir would lead to new dialogue with its south asian rival india .
at least seven people have been killed in clashes between two rival street gangs in the southern nigerian oil city of port harcourt , press reports said tuesday .
eu finance ministers voted by qualified majority in favor of an agreement struck overnight on france and germany 's balooning deficits in the teeth of opposition by the european commission , sources said tuesday .
sweden 's minister in charge of monetary affairs said tuesday the eu stability pact could be maimed after eurozone members decided to let france and germany break the pact 's deficit rules with impunity .
a zimbabwean judge who was set to hear an application by the independent daily news court , which was due to begin hearing the daily news application tuesday to rule on whether it should be allowed to resume publication .
tesco , britain 's biggest supermarket chain , announced tuesday an unexpectedly strong ##.#-percent jump in third-quarter sales as it won market share at home and expanded its international activities .
a home-made bomb partially exploded near a british army base in northern ireland overnight but it caused no casualties , police said on tuesday , adding that they believed the device was laid by an extremist republican <unk> .
britain 's best-selling sun newspaper railed tuesday at the sight of french president jacques `` the worm '' chirac inspecting british troops during his one-day summit visit to london .
norway is still planning to expel mullah krekar , the founder of the radical muslim group ansar al-islam , to iraq , the government said tuesday , a day after refusing to extradite him to jordan .
indian share prices rose #.## percent tuesday on fresh buying by local operators and mutual funds in select sensex heavyweight and state-owned stocks , dealers said .
eu finance ministers approved by qualified majority tuesday an accord struck overnight on france and germany 's balooning deficits , in the teeth of opposition by the european commission , sources said .
the organization for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- said tuesday it was satisfied the weekend parliamentary elections in croatia met international democratic standards .
master batsman sachin tendulkar cracked ## from ### balls as india opened their australian tour with a warm-up match against state side victoria here tuesday .
former world number one russian marat safin is itching to get back on the tennis court and hopes to finish #### with a top ## ranking after sitting out the last six months with a wrist injury .
the united states and europe 's big three -- britain , germany and france -- have agreed at the un nuclear watchdog on a draft resolution that condemns iran 's nuclear program but stops short of taking the issue to the un security council for possible sanctions .
us oil giant chevrontexaco said tuesday it will this week resume production of ##,### barrels per day -lrb- bpd -rrb- of oil suspended in the wake of the abduction of ## workers in southern nigeria .
chelsea need only a point against sparta prague to book their passage to the knock-out phase of the champions league .
french authorities have taken a french muslim woman off a jury because she wore a headscarf after being sworn in , officials said .
eu economic affairs commissioner pedro solbes denounced an agreement tuesday by eurozone finance ministers allowing france and germany to escape sanctions for failing to respect public deficit limits as without `` legal basis .
russia 's foreign minister igor ivanov on tuesday promised a full investigation into the death of ## foreign students in a fire at a moscow university after expressions of concern from china over the safety of its students .
latest peace initiatives between india and pakistan , including a ceasefire along their borders in kashmir , will be discussed at a summit between indian and european leaders this weekend , a diplomat said tuesday .
two people were killed and three injured tuesday in an explosion in the town of kurgan , in the russian ural mountains , which police blamed on a gas leak .
india and the european union will sign two agreements to boost trade and investment at the fourth india-eu summit this week during a visit by italian prime minister silvio berlusconi , european diplomats said tuesday .
zimbabwe keep the same side for wednesday 's one day international against the west indies at the harare sports club .
a russian aristocrat who was one of tsar nicholas ii 's <unk> , prince george <unk> , has died aged ## , his family exiled in france said tuesday .
the thai stock market made marginal losses tuesday as investors remained concerned over an investigation into alleged share trading manipulation , brokers said .
governors of the european central bank are to hold an emergency meeting by telephone tuesday to <unk> to respect the terms of the pact , which call for sanctions and even hefty fines for those countires that repeatedly disregard its deficit rules .
a police guard and a muslim shopkeeper were killed and four people injured when suspected muslim rebels attacked the car of a hindu politician in kashmir , police said tuesday .
the trial of three former rwandan officials charged with genocide and crimes against humanity in #### has been delayed for a second time because of festivities marking the end of the muslim month of ramadan , the hirondelle news agency reported tuesday .
another top georgian minister close to ousted president eduard shevardnadze resigned tuesday , as the young opposition leaders who seized power at the weekend consolidate their hold on the government .
the turkish economy , emerging from one its worst ever recessions , is strong enough to withstand the financial fallout from four bomb attacks in istanbul , economy minister ali babacan said tuesday .
an international labor organisation -lrb- ilo -rrb- conference to examine strategies of hauling millions of people out poverty and create jobs in africa will open in ethiopia in december , the ilo has said in a statement released here .
oil prices staged a modest rebound in early trading on tuesday after steep losses a day earlier fuelled by traders ' book squaring and forecasts of warm weather in the united states for the time of year .
the self-declared president of the breakaway georgian republic of south ossetia , eduard kokoity , on tuesday reaffirmed his wish to unite with russia following the ouster of georgian president eduard shevardnadze .
arabs must do more to instil democracy in their own countries and fundamentally reform monarchies and the patronage system , prince hassan of jordan said in a german newspaper interview published tuesday .
the body of roger short , the british consul general killed in a devastating suicide bomb attack in istanbul , will be flown back to england on thursday , officials said tuesday .
governors of the european central bank are to hold an emergency meeting by telephone tuesday to discuss the european union 's embattled stability and growth pact , central bank sources said .
thailand 's finance ministry said tuesday it expects the economy to grow by #.# percent this year , rising to a #.# percent increase in gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- in #### .
a swedish oil company accused by human rights watch of fueling fighting in wartorn sudan , lundin petroleum ab , rejected the allegations on tuesday and insisted its operations there had helped promote human rights .
spanish foreign minister ana palacio was to fly to rome on tuesday as part of a last-minute drive to lobby the support of other eu states for spain 's bid to host a multi-billion-dollar international nuclear fusion project , diplomatic sources said .
about a dozen people were feared killed and three were injured tuesday in an explosion at a dynamite factory in the southern indian state of andhra pradesh , police said .
japanese technology giant nec is prepared to invest more in french computer maker bull on condition that the company comes up with a `` constructive '' action plan , an nec spokesman said tuesday .
asian stock markets rose tuesday following robust gains on wall street as investors pinned their hopes on strong us economic data .
hungarian oil and gas concern mol on tuesday announced it had made a public offer for the remaining shares of slovakian petroleum firm slovnaft , in which mol already has a majority stake .
the number of the world 's hungry is rising , the un warned tuesday in a report which said that nearly ### million people , the `` starving continent '' of the third world , are still awaiting the fulfillment of world leaders ' promise to tackle global hunger .
at least seven people were killed and three injured tuesday in an explosion at a dynamite factory in the southern indian state of andhra pradesh , police said .
a leading member of rome 's jewish community cast doubt tuesday on the transformation of italy 's national alliance party from neo-fascism to the political mainstream .
surprised customs officers in ireland have seized ##,### bottles of counterfeit head and shoulders shampoo in a shipment from the gulf , a customs spokesman said tuesday .
the dalai lama arrived in rome on tuesday for a four-day visit during which he will meet pope john paul ii at the vatican and take part in a gathering of nobel peace prize laureates in rome .
the world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- has made an urgent appeal for funds to help feed more than ###,### people threatened with starvation in drought-hit northern somalia , a statement issued in nairobi said tuesday .
the council of europe parliamentary assembly on tuesday voted against measures to put the principality of liechtenstein under close scrutiny after constitutional changes introduced by its ruler earlier this year .
the georgian parliament met tuesday to fix a date for presidential elections in the former soviet republic after the forced resignation of eduard shevardnadze .
nine people were charged by a turkish state security court on tuesday over last week 's attacks on british targets in istanbul as turkish and british investigators continued to probe the bombings .
pope john paul ii on tuesday named a replacement for phoenix , arizona bishop thomas o'brien , who became the first american bishop to be charged with a felony when he fled the scene of a fatal accident .
the new moon was sighted tuesday in bangladesh marking the end of the holy muslim month of ramadan and heralding eid al-fitr , islam 's biggest annual festival , officials said .
eight hundred colombian paramilitaries began disarming in the northwestern town of medellin tuesday as part of a july ## agreement with the government .
german-us automaker daimlerchrysler said tuesday it wanted to establish a unit of its financial services division in china in the near future to take advantage of what it sees as an increasingly profitable market .
the georgian parliament tuesday set january # as the date for a presidential election in the former soviet republic after eduard shevardnadze was forced to resign .
israel freed a group of jordanian prisoners on tuesday as a goodwill gesture toward its arab neighbor to mark the muslim holiday of eid al-fitr , prison service and military sources said .
the head of saudi arabia 's consultative shura council , sheikh saleh bin <unk> , on tuesday vigorously defended charity activities , denounced by the united states as a source of financing terrorism .
croatian serbs said tuesday they were ready to support croatia 's future right-wing government in hopes of a better future for their minority , their party said .
switzerland on tuesday rejected overall blame for a massive blackout in italy in september , accusing its neighbor of constantly exceeding <unk> levels of electricity imports and overburdening power grids in the alps .
at least ## maoist rebels and eight security force personnel were killed in a clash in nepal , sources said tuesday .
us economic growth exploded in the third quarter to hit a ##-year record annual pace of #.# percent , much faster than first thought , the government said <unk> of peace and quiet .
the turkish coastguard has taken control of a boat which was drifting in the aegean sea with dozens of would-be illegal immigrants aboard , a turkish official said tuesday .
pakistani muslims will celebrate eid al-fitr on wednesday to mark the end of the fasting month of ramadan , an official announced on state television .
indian anti-pollution authorities tuesday said a british ship that has docked on the western coast for ship-breaking contains potentially dangerous asbestos fittings .
the southern greek island of crete was hit by a second earthquake in two days on tuesday , but police stations and hospitals said no casualties or damage were reported .
germany on tuesday returned a ##th century religious icon stolen from a ukrainian museum and bought by a german collector .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov arrives on wednesday in warsaw to discuss bilateral cooperation after poland joins the european union on may # .
french household spending rose faster than expected in october , data released tuesday showed , as signs recovery is setting in the eurozone 's second-biggest economy grow .
pakistan on tuesday expressed its hopes that a new ceasefire in the disputed region of kashmir would lead to new dialogue with its south asian rival india .
pakistani all-rounder shoaib malik is to stay with english country cricket side gloucestershire for the #### season .
a court in the riot-scarred indian state of gujarat tuesday awarded life sentences to ## hindus convicted for murdering ## muslims in bloody communal clashes which claimed nearly #,### lives last year .
former us president jimmy carter said tuesday that a peace deal in the middle east would reduce the global terrorist threat by removing the major cause of hostility against the united states .
three chinese students were confirmed dead in the fire at a moscow university , state media reported tuesday .
a former psychiatric patient who killed three women in london , earning himself the nickname `` the camden ripper , '' dramatically changed his plea tuesday and confessed in court to their murder .
croatian serbs said tuesday they were ready to support croatia 's future right-wing government to ensure a better future for the ethnic minority .
us economic growth exploded in the third quarter to hit a ##-year record annual pace of #.# percent , much faster than first thought , the government said tuesday .
prime minister jose maria aznar took sharp issue with foreign minister ana palacio tuesday over her remarks that daily life for the residents of baghdad is worse now than under the regime of saddam hussein .
former italy international fabrizio ravanelli and scotland midfielder craig burley were the <unk> players who were shown the door tuesday a day after debt-ridden scottish side dundee was put into administration .
israeli trade minister ehud olmert said tuesday a compromise solution had been reached with the european union in a long-running dispute over the labeling of exports produced by jewish settlers .
denmark , the world 's largest exporter of pork , said tuesday it would introduce new penalties including jail terms of up to two years for pig farmers who abuse or neglect their animals .
pakistan on tuesday expressed its hopes that a new ceasefire in the disputed region of kashmir would lead to new dialogue with its south asian rival india .
england 's first match since becoming world champions , against the new zealand barbarians on december ## , is a sell-out .
us economic growth exploded in the third quarter to hit a ##-year record annual pace of #.# percent , much faster than first thought , the government said tuesday .
nouakchott , nov ## -lrb- a ould taya amid opposition charges of massive fraud , and again two days later , along with six members of his campaign team , two of his sons and several other young people who had been picked up in the week before the polls .
turkey will outline a new strategy to combat terrorism following four suicide bombings in istanbul which claimed ## lives , foreign minister abdullah gul said tuesday .
england lock ben kay , who dropped an easy pass in last saturday 's rugby world cup final to miss what could have been a match-winning try , has been offered four years ' free pizza by a restaurant chain .
eastman kodak said tuesday it would buy scitex digital printing , a unit of scitex corp. , for ### million dollars in cash .
a rare disagreement between iran 's religious leaders left iranians confused tuesday over when they should begin celebrating the eid al-fitr holidays which follow the fasting month of ramadan .
china warned tuesday that a slew of duties imposed by the united states on chinese products risk damaging bilateral ties in the latest volley of an escalating trade rift between the two nations .
more than ### colombian paramilitaries began disarming in the northwestern town of medellin tuesday as part of a july ## agreement with the government .
a british airways concorde slipped out of john f. kennedy international airport for the last time tuesday , moving silently ### times slower than the speed of sound .
at least ## people have died of the ebola virus in the latest outbreak of the hemorrhagic fever in northwestern congo , according to a new official toll released tuesday .
tea prices at the east african auction in mombasa were mixed this week despite slight gains in demand during trading , africa tea brokers -lrb- atb -rrb- said in market report released tuesday .
british chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown hailed the eurozone budget deal letting france and germany off the hook over balooning deficits as a victory for nation states over the power of brussels .
australian rugby union chief executive john o'neill , the man behind this year 's competition , has urged france to go it alone for the #### world cup .
governors of the european central bank were holding an emergency teleconference tuesday to discuss the european union 's embattled stability and growth pact , central bank sources said .
wall street drifted in a tight range at the opening tuesday as news of surging us economic growth appeared to be anticipated by traders .
greece will finally repossess ## stolen ancient artifacts found in germany and held there since #### , the greek culture ministry said tuesday .
french finance minister francis mer insisted tuesday that a deal letting france and germany off the hook over ballooning deficits does not further undermine already-strained eurozone budget rules .
senegalese international forward pape <unk> will undergo surgery on his right knee this week which will keep him out of action until the new year , his french club metz confirmed tuesday .
hungarian foreign minister laszlo kovacs will travel to rome on wednesday to confer with his italian counterpart , franco frattini , over the new eu constitution , his office said .
the fortune of billionaires living in switzerland fell ## percent in #### from a year ago to ### billion swiss francs -lrb- ### billion dollars , ### billion euros -rrb- due to the weak global financial markets , according to an annual <unk> to be published on wednesday .
the media lobby group reporters sans frontieres -lrb- reporters without borders - rsf -rrb- on tuesday called for the us-appointed administration in iraq to overturn its ban on the arab satellite television news network al-arabiya because of its broadcast of a saddam hussein tape .
concerns for the future of britain 's last independent car maker , mg rover , mounted as the company prepared to suspend production tuesday to clear a backlog of unsold vehicles .
russia 's main opposition force , the communist party , alleged on tuesday that it was being subjected to a smear campaign by state-controlled television ahead of parliamentary elections next month .
the committee to protect journalists -lrb- cpj -rrb- , condemned tuesday the decision by iraq 's us-installed governing council to close the baghdad offices of saudi-owned satellite news channel al-arabiya .
croatian serbs said tuesday they were ready to support croatia 's future right-wing government to ensure a better future for the ethnic minority , which rebelled against zagreb in the ####s .
us consumer confidence boomed in november to the highest level in more than a year as the economic recovery gathered pace and labor market gloom began to lift , a survey showed tuesday .
a woman has received six new organs in a rare transplant operation in sweden in which all the organs came from a single donor , swedish doctors announced on tuesday .
britain warned tuesday that `` further attacks may be imminent '' in istanbul and ankara , as it strengthened its warning against non-essential travel to turkish cities .
england 's rugby world cup heroes admitted tuesday they had not tried to break the australian beer-drinking record on the ##-hour flight back from sydney .
italian president carlo azeglio ciampi tuesday appealed to the five founding members of the european union to shoulder their responsibilities and adopt a new controversial constitution .
international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- chief jacques rogge , on a three-day visit here to inspect preparations for the #### olympics , may visit deserted construction sites as greek builders ' union called for a ##-hour , nationwide strike for wednesday .
georgia 's opposition parties will field a single candidate in january # presidential elections in the former soviet republic following eduard shevardnadze 's forced resignation , the top potential challenger said tuesday .
the zimbabwe government has not received an official communication from nigeria on whether president robert mugabe will be invited to next month 's commonwealth summit , the president 's spokesman said tuesday .
britain warned tuesday that `` further attacks may be imminent '' in istanbul and ankara , as it strengthened its warning against all non-essential travel to turkish cities .
the red-hot us housing market cooled a bit in october as existing home sales edged down #.# percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of #.## million units , an industry group said tuesday .
the death toll from the double suicide attacks on british targets in istanbul rose to ## tuesday when a turkish woman died of her injuries , the city 's health department said .
at least three children were injured in the pakistani zone of kashmir tuesday in shelling by indian troops from across the regions de facto border , police said .
bulgarian president georgy parvanov is due in france on friday to seek support for bulgaria 's bid to join the european union in #### .
greek first division club ofi crete announced tuesday that they have accepted the resignation of their czech coach zdenek <unk> .
the fortune of billionaires living in switzerland fell ## percent in #### from a year ago to ### billion swiss francs -lrb- ### billion dollars , ### billion euros -rrb- due to the weak global financial markets , according to an annual <unk> to be published on wednesday .
a former school caretaker accused of murdering two english schoolgirls in august #### has admitted that the girls died in his house when he was alone with them , prosecutors said tuesday at the trial .
kenya 's roman catholic church has chided the government for dragging its feet in improving the lives of kenyans nearly a year after sweeping to power , a pastoral letter issued tuesday said .
for people curious to find `` amelie '' 's cafe or the little paris bistro where audrey hepburn and walter matthau grabbed a bite to eat in `` charade '' , a new tourist guide makes it all easy .
a former psychiatric patient who killed three women in london , earning himself the nickname `` the camden ripper , '' was sentenced to life in prison tuesday after he dramatically changed his plea and confessed in court to their murder .
twenty-two miners were confirmed dead and one missing after more four bodies were found following a gas explosion at a coal mine in china 's central henan province , state media reported tuesday .
european central bank said tuesday that an eurozone deal letting france and germany temporarily off the hook over ballooning deficits carried `` serious risks '' .
seven tombs in a jewish cemetery in the southern french city of marseille were defaced with swastikas and symbols of an extreme-right movement overnight , authorities said tuesday .
west brom striker lee hughes was charged on tuesday with causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop after an accident following a car crash in which a ##-year-old man died .
chancellor gerhard schroeder hailed a controversial eurozone deal tuesday temporarily letting germany and its biggest ally france off the hook over their spiralling public deficits as `` a wise decision .
a former school caretaker accused of murdering two english schoolgirls in august #### has admitted that the girls died in his house when he was alone with them , prosecutors said tuesday at the trial .
england wicketkeeper chris read has signed an extended deal with his county side nottinghamshire that will keep him at trent bridge until the end of the #### season .
european central bank said tuesday that an eurozone deal letting france and germany temporarily off the hook over ballooning deficits carried `` serious risks '' .
belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt said tuesday that `` dark clouds of pessimism '' hung over eu efforts to adopt a controversial new constitution .
the bosnian serb government has sold ##.# tonnes of tnt explosive , part of a huge military surplus , to a company in neighbouring serbia , the defense ministry said tuesday .
former kenyan mp adan <unk> , has been charged with the murder of three people , including a delegate to peace talks on somalia in nairobi , his lawyer told afp on tuesday .
a german television actor jailed for squashing his tax advisor to death was released tuesday pending a new trial , after evidence emerged that he had faked his own confession to the killing .
european stock markets were mixed tuesday , with the london ftse ### index closing #.## percent higher at #,###.# points .
three champions league and uefa cup ties due to be played in turkey over the next two weeks , including english premiership side chelsea 's away leg against besiktas , will be moved abroad because of security concerns , uefa said tuesday .
european central bank said tuesday that an eurozone deal letting france and germany temporarily off the hook over ballooning deficits carried `` serious risks '' .
three champions league and uefa cup ties due to be played in turkey over the next two weeks , including english premiership side chelsea 's away leg against besiktas , will be moved abroad because of security concerns , uefa said tuesday .
world champions ferrari struck the first blow of the #### formula one world championship when luca badoer clocked the best time on the first day of testing at the <unk> circuit here on tuesday .
poland will increase the number of customs officers at its eastern border -- the european union 's future outer border -- ahead of its may # membership of the bloc , the finance ministry said on tuesday .
the father of heartthrob american actor george clooney is to run for the us house of representatives , and the democratic party is throwing its weight behind him .
the united states is `` very satisfied '' with a compromise un draft resolution condemning iran 's nuclear program , secretary of state colin powell said tuesday .
john carlos , who joined tommie smith in a poignant podium protest against racism during the #### olympics , was among four people named tuesday to the united states track and field hall of fame .
president vladimir putin said on tuesday that the country 's unique attractions gave it a serious chance of joining the club of standard worldwide destinations for tourists .
owners of greece 's some #,### tourist buses said on tuesday they suspended a three-day strike which was to begin on wednesday .
british-based betting company unibet on tuesday challenged the swedish state 's gambling monopoly in court , saying the odds on loosening the state 's iron grip on the industry have shortened considerably .
former west indies skipper carl hooper has decided to return and play county cricket with lancashire next season after agreeing a new one-year deal .
<unk> <unk> , an austrian subsidiary of us company general dynamics , has acquired a ##-percent stake in slovenian armored cars and cannon tubes factory <unk> <unk> , the factory 's major shareholder said tuesday .
health minister jean-francois mattei on tuesday defended his actions during an august heatwave that killed nearly ##,### people in france by blaming the disaster on a multiplication of errors rather than any individuals under his authority .
a series of explosions was heard in central baghdad tuesday evening , but the us military could not immediately say what caused them .
the united states is `` very satisfied '' with a compromise un draft resolution condemning iran 's nuclear program , secretary of state colin powell said tuesday .
english schoolgirls holly wells and jessica chapman died in the bathroom of ian huntley , the man charged with their august #### murder , his lawyer told his trial tuesday .
colombian juan pablo montoya led a williams one-two-three in formula one testing here on tuesday as he started his preparations for what will be his final season with the british team .
english schoolgirls holly wells and jessica chapman died in the bathroom of ian huntley , the man charged with their august #### murder , his lawyer told his trial tuesday .
former chilean dictator , augusto pinochet , celebrated his ##th birthday on tuesday in a defiant mood saying he does n't need a pardon from anyone and that he feels like `` an angel .
the united states issued a new call for exiled liberian leader charles taylor to face a special un-backed war crimes tribunal in sierra leone .
georgian finance minister <unk> <unk> handed in his resignation on tuesday , the third member of the government of ousted president eduard shevardnadze to step down in the space of two days , national television reported .
a ceasefire in kashmir agreed by the rival indian and pakistani armies came into effect at midnight tuesday -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , according to a timetable released by the indian foreign ministry .
french interior minister nicolas sarkozy -- known for his sharp political ambitions -- has suggested changing rules governing the mandate of a president so it is limited to just two terms , as in the united states .
a ceasefire in kashmir agreed by the rival indian and pakistani armies came into effect at midnight tuesday -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , according to a timetable released by the indian foreign ministry .
the european union tuesday agreed watered-down proposals designed to boost corporate transparency , stopping short of forcing companies to report earnings every three months .
the brother of the mayor of the west bank town of nablus was seriously wounded late tuesday as unknown gunmen opened fire on his car , palestinian security sources said .
helsinki , nov ## -lrb- afp -rrb- three finnish officials , among them the government 's former security chief , were on tuesday charged with illegally monitoring two mobile phones used by former prime minister paavo lipponen and his chauffeur .
basking in a major political victory , us president george w. bush on tuesday warmly praised passage of `` historic '' legislation he said will rejuvenate the medicare elderly health care program .
us president john f. kennedy backed an american intermediary holding a secret meeting with cuban president fidel castro just ## days before his assassination in dallas ## years ago , according to a recently declassified audio tape .
a ceasefire in kashmir agreed by the rival indian and pakistani armies came into effect at midnight tuesday -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , according to a timetable released by the indian foreign ministry .
iran on tuesday slammed israel 's campaign to convince the world that the islamic republic is intent on acquiring a nuclear weapon .
turkish police took new security measures tuesday after britain boosted a travel alert for its nationals , warning that further bomb attacks here may be imminent .
the united states on tuesday welcomed the ceasefire clinched by india and pakistan along the borders of disputed kashmir , saying it hoped more moves towards peace were on the way .
the euro remained under pressure in late european trade tuesday , affected by the apparent collapse of the european union 's stability and growth pact , analysts said .
georgia 's acting president , nino burjanadze , has lifted the state of emergency imposed on the country by her predecessor eduard shevardnadze during the popular uprising that led to his downfall , her spokeswoman said on tuesday .
georgia 's opposition parties will field a single candidate in january # presidential elections in the former soviet republic following eduard shevardnadze 's forced resignation , the top potential challenger said tuesday .
european stock markets closed narrowly mixed tuesday after a batch of conflicting us economic data led to some profit taking on wall street .
major league baseball has signed a development deal for at least the next two years with the china baseball association to help boost the sport and prepare the nation 's talent for the #### beijing olympics .
a canada-european union summit planned for next month in ottawa has been canceled , a canadian official said tuesday .
the top us diplomat for the middle east , william burns , will travel to israel and the palestinian territories over the weekend in a bid to relaunch the international `` road map '' to peace in the region , the state department said tuesday .
a ceasefire in kashmir agreed by the rival indian and pakistani armies came into effect at midnight tuesday -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- , according to a timetable released by the indian foreign ministry .
former chilean dictator , augusto pinochet , celebrated his ##th birthday on tuesday in a defiant mood after drawing new criticism over new comments about human rights abuses .
northern ireland 's hardline protestant leader ian paisley , who opposed the good friday peace deal , looks likely to win the most seats overall in wednesday 's elections for a new provincial assembly , bookmakers predicted .
us president george w. bush vowed tuesday to meet `` short-term security needs '' in places like iraq with military force , but said long-term us interests are best served by spreading global freedom .
russian side lokomotiv moscow ensured arsenal must win against inter milan later on tuesday when they beat ukrainian champions dynamo kiev #-# in an early champions league group b match .
poland and slovakia are to slug it out for the prize of a billion-dollar european car plant to be built by south korean manufacturer hyundai , a senior slovakian minister confirmed on tuesday .
only three days after it suspended flights to iraq , international express courier dhl said tuesday it was temporarily halting its service to afghanistan while it carried out a security review in the volatile country .
the white house gave a muted response tuesday to the iraqi governing council 's ban on the arab television channel al-arabiya , saying it did not want to `` second-guess '' the decision .
american football 's traditional double-header for the us thanksgiving holiday features three teams fighting for a playoff berth and another just trying to avoid a third losing season in a row .
russian foreign minister igor ivanov on tuesday confirmed the impression of kremlin unease over the overthrow of georgian president eduard shevardnadze with a thinly veiled jibe at the united states .
the us congress on tuesday approved the first law aimed at stemming the flood of unsolicited e-mail , or spam , into the inboxes of computer users .
three champions league and uefa cup ties due to be played in turkey over the next two weeks , including english premiership side chelsea 's away leg against besiktas , will be moved abroad because of security concerns , uefa said tuesday .
us prosecutors filed charges tuesday against ## people , mostly employees at new york 's john f. kennedy airport , over a drug smuggling conspiracy involving nearly half a tonne of cocaine .
a group of jordanian prisoners freed by israel on tuesday as a goodwill gesture on the muslim holiday of eid al-fitr arrived back in jordan , a correspondent at this border crossing said .
three top democrats in congress on tuesday called on the pentagon to investigate what they charged are inflated prices charged by the halliburton energy concern for shipping oil to iraq .
the lawyer acting for ian huntley , the man accused of murdering two english schoolgirls in a trial that has gripped britain , said on tuesday they `` accidentally '' died in huntley 's bathroom , confirming his client 's implication in their deaths for the first time .
philadelphia ##ers forward glenn robinson , known as `` big dog '' , was put on the injured list tuesday after having missed the past seven games with a sprained left ankle .
us prosecutors filed charges tuesday against ## people , mostly employees at new york 's john f. kennedy airport , over a drug smuggling conspiracy involving nearly half a tonne of cocaine .
president george w. bush on tuesday said the third-quarter explosion in us economic growth vindicated the mammoth tax cuts he pushed through the us congress .
lawmakers in the us senate of tuesday introduced legislation to set ground rules for us officials making official contact with the goverment of north korea , while also providing assistance to refugees fleeing the totalitarian regime .
the european union firmly denied on tuesday that it had reached a compromise with israel over the labeling of exports produced in jewish settlements built on occupied arab territories .
macedonian prime minister branko crvenkovski on tuesday claimed us support for his country 's entry into `` euro-atlantic security structures '' after meeting secretary of state colin powell .
lawmakers in the us senate on tuesday introduced legislation that would set ground rules for us officials making contact with the goverment of north korea , while also providing assistance to refugees fleeing the totalitarian regime .
three top democrats lawmakers on tuesday called on the pentagon to investigate what they alleged are inflated prices charged by the halliburton energy giant for shipping fuel to iraq .
israeli trade minister ehud olmert said tuesday a compromise solution had been reached with the european union in a long-running dispute over the labeling of exports produced by jewish settlers .
the us senate on tuesday approved the first law aimed at stemming the flood of unsolicited e-mail , or spam , into the inboxes of computer users .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld said on tuesday his staff are investigating if the pentagon should suspend a controversial ## billion dollar deal with aviation giant boeing .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld said on tuesday that the us-led coalition is not considering the `` formal '' reestablishment of iraq 's former army to help <unk> war-torn iraq .
deportivo la coruna rebounded from their stunning #-# defeat to monaco to beat aek athens #-# here on tuedsay and keep up their charge for a place in the last sixteen of the champions league .
iraq 's top religious figure , ayatollah ali sistani , wants to `` reconsider '' an agreement with the us-led coalition on the transfer of power to the iraqis , a shiite politician said tuesday .
ten-man real sociedad battled to a champions league #-# draw with olympiakos here on tuesday but face an agonising wait to see whether or not they will join juventus as the two sides progressing from group d into the knockout stages .
french league leaders monaco secured their place in the last ## of the champions league after a bad-tempered #-# home draw against group c rivals psv eindhoven on tuesday .
a red-hot report on the us economy got a cool response on wall street tuesday , where stocks ended mixed as investors locked in recent gains and looked ahead to a more cloudy economic picture .
the first criminal charges in the mutual fund scandal were announced tuesday as new york state hit three executives of a financial trade processing firm for assisting in illegal after-hours trading .
greek first division side ofi crete on tuesday appointed <unk> firos on a one and a half year contract after accepting the resignation of their czech coach zdenek <unk> .
mohamed hamdi <unk> , arrested by yemen on tuesday , may be implicated in the bomb attack on the uss cole three years ago , the attack killed ## american sailors , a us official said .
bayern munich pulled their champions league campaign back from the brink by holding out for a goalless draw with celtic here on tuesday .
mexican pop star gloria trevi 's former manager will be extradited to his homeland on charges of child sexual abuse and corruption of minors , brazil 's ministry of justice said in a statement .
the dollar was mixed tuesday , failing to gain traction from a sizzling report on us economic growth , as the us current account deficit and geopolitical tensions kept the greenback under pressure .
world oil prices edged barely higher tuesday as traders hesitated on the eve of a weekly snapshot of us crude oil inventories , analysts said .
former vermont governor howard dean interrupted his presidential campaigning tuesday to travel to hawaii for the return to the united states of human remains believed to be those of a brother who went missing in laos nearly three decades ago .
a headed goal from towering finnish defender hannu <unk> handed anderlecht a #-# win over group a rivals lyon - and a champions league lifeline - on tuesday that ensures everything is still to play for on the final matchday .
citigroup disclosed tuesday that federal officials are investigating apparent improprieties in its <unk> business following an internal review of the company 's mutual fund operations .
south korean first baseman choi hee seop was traded from the chicago cubs to the world series champion florida marlins here tuesday in a deal that sent major league baseball star derrek lee to the cubs .
caritas , a global network of roman catholic aid agencies , is cooking up an international recipe collection , the organization told afp tuesday .
the united states on tuesday announced it was sending an interagency team to georgia next week to help in the transition of power following the overthrow of georgian president eduard shevardnadze .
a canadian citizen , who was released from a us prison in guantanamo bay recently , has been refused assistance and the ability to return to canada , a lawyer for his family said tuesday .
the brother of the mayor of the west bank town of nablus died after being seriously wounded late on tuesday when unidentified gunmen opened fire on his car , palestinian hospital officials said .
the us senate 's sergeant-at-arms , the body 's chief law enforcement office , was investigating tuesday how more than a dozen memos written by democratic congressional staff members were leaked to two us newspapers .
britain 's third most senior judge intervened tuesday in a transatlantic row over the united states ' detention of terror suspects at guantanamo bay , cuba , describing their imprisonment as a `` monstrous failure of justice '' .
us president george w. bush on tuesday announced that the united states is stepping up discussions with key european and asian allies about the overhaul of us global military deployments .
just a week away from his inauguration as california governor , arnold schwarzenegger will on tuesday present proposals to shave #.# billion dollars off social programs over the next ## months .
the united states will deduct ###.# million dollars this year from loan guarantees currently available to israel over disagreements over israeli activity in palestinian territories , the israeli embassy in washington announced late tuesday .
the united states will deduct ###.# million dollars this year from loan guarantees currently available to israel over disagreements over israeli activity in palestinian territories , the israeli embassy in washington announced late tuesday .
pakistani cricket <unk> politician imran khan attacked tuesday the us-led war on terrorism , accusing us president george w. bush of lacking leadership .
share prices in tokyo opened higher wednesday with the nikkei-### index gaining #.## points or #.## percent to #,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
washington wizards star guard gilbert arenas was placed on the injured list tuesday with a severe abdominal strain .
israel 's main opposition labor party announced on tuesday the main principles of its own peace plan for the region , which is based on israel withdrawing from the palestinian territories it has occupied since #### .
us president george w. bush on tuesday announced that the united states is stepping up discussions with key european and asian allies about the overhaul of us global military deployments .
fiji 's rugby boss wednesday called for the international rugby board to scrap a proposed competition in which the richest nine nations play each other in a mini-world cup .
relatives of us troops based in iraq and a number of <unk> will travel to iraq this weekend to express concerns at us operations there , the organization arranging the visit announced tuesday .
denver broncos coach mike shanahan suspended defensive tackle daryl gardener two additional games tuesday following critical comments on a radio show .
the united states will deduct ###.# million dollars this year from loan guarantees currently available to israel over disagreements over israeli activity in palestinian territories , the israeli embassy in washington announced late tuesday .
hollywood star cameron diaz on tuesday won back her modesty tuesday when a judge blocked the sale of topless photographs snapped of the actress before she became famous .
dietmar hamann is in line to start his first game for liverpool since last season as they seek to book their place in the third round of the uefa cup at anfield on thursday .
celtic face a nerve-wracking trip to lyon next month for their final champions league group a match after failing to break down bayern munich 's determined resistance at parkhead .
the chairman of the senate <unk> committee said at a press conference tuesday at a republican staff member has been placed on administrative leave without pay in connection with a probe into how memos written by democratic staff members were leaked to two us newspapers .
the chairman of the senate <unk> committee said at a press conference tuesday that a republican staff member has been placed on administrative leave without pay in connection with a probe into how memos written by democratic staff members were leaked to two us newspapers .
hong kong gold prices opened lower wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
two days after yet another heartbreaking loss , the atlanta falcons learned that leading rusher warrick dunn will miss the rest of the national football league season with a sprained right foot .
street robberies in london soared by ## percent during last week 's state visit to britain by us president george w. bush as thousands of extra police officers ditched normal duties to help oversee an unprecedented security operation , newspapers reported wednesday .
new zealand prime minister helen clark wednesday welcomed nigeria 's decision not to invite zimbabwe president robert mugabe to next month 's commonwealth summit .
hong kong share prices were slightly higher in opening trade wednesday as investors remained cautious following the mixed performance on wall street overnight , dealers said .
a us consumer group warned australia its prescription medicines would become unaffordable wednesday if it bowed to us demands for greater market access as part of a free trade agreement between the two countries .
australia 's competition watchdog said wednesday it would oppose a takeover bid by coca cola amatil -lrb- cca -rrb- of berri ltd , the country 's biggest fruit juice company .
the dollar gained slightly against the yen wednesday on the bright us economic outlook , but trading was quiet in the absence of fresh factors and ahead of the us thanksgiving holiday , dealers said .
australian flag carrier qantas airways ltd. said wednesday it would base its new no-frills airline , to be launched next year , in melbourne .
a mainland chinese man who arrived in hong kong suffering from a high fever is undergoing tests in hospital as a precaution against sars , a department of health spokeswoman said wednesday .
the chairman of the senate <unk> committee said at a press conference tuesday that a republican staff member has been placed on administrative leave without pay in connection with a probe into how memos written by democratic aides were leaked to two us newspapers .
democratic representative from florida robert wexler urged eu officials tuesday to publish a report from brussels on rising anti-semitism in europe .
australia 's largest retailer coles myer ltd. on wednesday forecast full-year net profit would rise ##-## percent .
oil prices were higher in asian trade wednesday ahead of the release of us crude inventories and opec 's decision on output levels next week , dealers said .
german industrial conglomerate voith ag has won contracts worth some ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in china for its paper subsidiary , state press reported wednesday .
australia 's draconian quarantine regime faced one of its biggest challenges ever wednesday with the arrival in sydney of the <unk> star princess and its #,### passengers and crew .
south korea 's main opposition leader launched an indefinite hunger strike in parliament on wednesday to protest against the scrapping of an independent probe into corruption allegations .
some #,### people have been killed by landmines and unexploded ordnance since the end of the vietnam war in vietnam 's most heavily bombed province along the former demilitarized zone , surveys showed wednesday .
a vietnamese man is to face the firing squad for murdering a market trader after intervening in a dispute over a <unk> bottle of wine , court officials said wednesday .
south korean auto giant hyundai motor , which has shortlisted poland and slovakia for its first european plant , said wednesday it is seeking a site which ensures `` competitive '' low-cost production .
a thai man who suspected his daughter was murdered by her in-laws took revenge in an attack that left four people dead and two injured before turning the weapon on himself , police said wednesday .
bnp paribas launched wednesday its chinese securities joint venture , changjiang bnp paribas peregrine securities co ltd , with ### million yuan -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in paid-up capital .
the us federal bureau of investigation reaffirmed tuesday its commitment to `` the constitutional rights of all americans '' following charges it was spying on political activists -- and made public a classified document to prove its point .
china wednesday warned of a `` strong reaction '' if taiwan passes a referendum law that could potentially pave the way for the island 's independence from the mainland .
moody 's investors service raised thailand 's foreign currency ratings wednesday , citing a dramatic reduction in external debt , strong economic growth prospects and an improved external payments position .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher in morning trade on wednesday , dealers said .
an east timorese court on wednesday jailed a former member of a pro-jakarta militia to nine years ' jail for crimes against humanity committed during the territory 's bloody breakaway from indonesia in #### .
a batch of genetically-modified mice may have shown the way to thwarting one of the potentially fatal side effects of the club drug ecstasy , according to a study published thursday in the british scientific journal nature .
australia warned its nationals wednesday that new terrorist attacks could be imminent in major turkish cities following a spate of suicide bombings that left ## dead in istanbul .
the enigmatic icy rocks known as the kuiper belt came to inhabit the distant fringes of the solar system thanks to the gravitational pull of youthful neptune billions of years ago , a study says .
chinese <unk> wednesday denied any wrongdoing after the united states rapped them with a set of heavy anti-dumping duties that have reignited fears the two countries are headed toward a trade war .
chinese technicians were wednesday dismantling a satellite tracking station in the mid-pacific nation of kiribati , state-owned radio reported , after the country opened diplomatic ties with taiwan .
voting to elect new members of northern ireland 's currently suspended semi-autonomous local assembly began on wednesday .
vietnam 's state-owned oil and gas giant petrovietnam has drawn up plans to privatise seven of its ## wholly-owned subsidiaries over the next two years to raise capital , officials said wednesday .
australia 's most powerful labor party leader and the premier of its largest state has warned the country to prepare for the threat of an aggressive islamic government in indonesia .
british foreign secretary jack straw said wednesday that violence here would diminish with the gradual return of power to iraqis , as he made a visit to the restive country that had been unannounced for security reasons .
china wednesday blasted taiwan for lacking sincerity over a plan that would allow chinese airlines to fly to the island for the first time ever during a major holiday early next year .
bnp paribas announced wednesday a securities venture in china , the latest in a fast-growing list of companies eager to plant their feet on chinese soil ahead of full liberalisation of the country 's financial markets in #### .
nepal 's prime minister surya bahadur thapa held talks with sri lankan leaders here wednesday on their south asian regional grouping , officials said .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday in lackluster trade , with many investors staying on the sidelines as they await a clearer indication of the market 's near-term direction , dealers said .
sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels will observe their annual heroes ' day thursday to commemorate ##,### men and women killed in their struggle for a separate state .
whether sri lanka returns to civil war is `` completely '' in the hands of the colombo government , the top tamil tiger leader wednesday told visiting eu external relations commissioner chris patten .
hong kong gold prices closed higher wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
south korean auto giant hyundai motor , which has shortlisted poland and slovakia for its first european plant , said wednesday it is seeking a site which ensures competitive low-cost production .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday on selective bargain hunting , dealers said .
syrian prime minister mohammed naji otri dismissed the possibility of a us front against syria , saying that the iraqi experience has dissuaded washington , in an egyptian weekly interview published wednesday .
cricket fans on wednesday rushed outlets to buy tickets to personally farewell australian captain steve waugh in his final test .
government corruption and slow progress in reforming the financial sector will jeopardise vietnam 's economic and social development unless immediate steps are taken , the world bank warned wednesday .
a south european port will be named wednesday as the first city in europe to host yachting and sport 's oldest trophy , the america 's cup , since the maiden regatta was run off the british coast at cowes in #### .
what teammates , former teammates , administrators and opponents said about australian cricket captain steve waugh who announced his imminent retirement here on wednesday .
west indies captain brian lara is under pressure to win the third of five one-day cricket internationals here against zimbabwe .
what teammates , former teammates , administrators and opponents said about australian cricket captain steve waugh who announced his imminent retirement here on wednesday .
cricket fans on wednesday rushed outlets to buy tickets to personally farewell australian captain steve waugh in his final test .
nearly #,### chinese mines ordered shut after a series of fatal accidents have been told to re-open as power companies report severe coal shortages , state media said wednesday .
the guns fell silent in kashmir on wednesday as the first-ever full ceasefire between india and pakistan came into effect , raising hopes that talks to find a lasting peace could begin .
cricket fans on wednesday rushed outlets to buy tickets to personally farewell australian captain steve waugh in his final test .
ricky ponting on wednesday shelved his test captaincy ambitions to pay a glowing tribute to the magnificent cricketing career of incumbent skipper steve waugh .
india 's attack took a pasting as in-form batsman brad hodge scored ### not out on the second day of the tourists ' three-day clash with victoria here wednesday .
india 's attack took a pasting as in-form batsman brad hodge scored ### not out on the second day of the tourists ' three-day clash with victoria here wednesday .
an `` overheard remark '' wednesday afternoon prompted a security alert on aircraft flying to new zealand from australia , officials said .
taiwan 's economic growth in #### is likely to exceed the official #.# percent target with the implementation of the cabinet 's proposed major infrastructure projects , a top economic think tank said wednesday .
greece , which has one of the heaviest smoking populations in the world , on wednesday announced a country-wide ban on outdoor tobacco advertising for a five-month period that will take in the #### olympics .
four islamic rebels were shot dead in indian kashmir wednesday , just hours after india and pakistan began a ceasefire on their disputed border in the himalayan province , police said .
a jordanian was jailed for four years by a german court wednesday for plotting terror attacks on jewish targets here as part of a terror group linked to al-qaeda .
taiwan is set to launch a french-made research satellite that could also be used for military purposes , officials said wednesday .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday in lackluster trade , with many investors staying on the sidelines as they await a clearer indication of the market 's near-term direction , dealers said .
dogs will have to pay to travel on berlin 's public transport system , according to plans unveiled wednesday by the city network 's operating authority for next year .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday on futures-linked buying of banking and property stocks but dealers said thin liquidity ahead of the us thanksgiving holiday capped gains .
georgia 's ousted president eduard shevardnadze , who dominated the political life of this caucasus state for a decade , dropped by the presidency wednesday to pick up his personal possessions and speeches .
moody 's investors service raised thailand 's foreign currency ratings wednesday , citing a dramatic reduction in external debt , strong economic growth prospects and an <unk> remained stable and the stable outlook on the government 's baa# domestic currency bond rating remained unchanged .
<unk> children at steve waugh 's favorite charity home in india on wednesday reacted with shock to the australian test captain 's decision to quit international cricket .
major japanese trading house marubeni corp. on wednesday announced its purchase of independent power producer sithe asia holdings ltd. of hong kong for an undisclosed amount .
an unemployed man was tried wednesday for `` incitement to subvert the state '' after he published an article on the internet accusing china 's ruling communist party of corruption , a human rights group said .
once considered a tourist paradise for its cool climate and striking scenery , kashmir has become a permanent irritant between nuclear-armed india and pakistan , which have fought two of their three wars over the himalayan territory .
china 's great wall motor plans to raise #.##-# .## billion hong kong dollars -lrb- ###-### million us -rrb- through an initial public offering -lrb- ipo -rrb- , sources close to the deal said wednesday .
around #,### taxi drivers have stopped work in china 's southwestern sichuan province , taking their protest against new taxes to government offices , local officials said wednesday .
donors have pledged a significant amount of funds to kenya over the next three years , representing more than the government had budgeted for , kenyan finance minister david mwiraria has said .
two senior executives of the state-run vietnam national coffee corporation -lrb- <unk> -rrb- are to be suspended pending further investigations into corruption allegations , state media said wednesday .
us prosecutors have given france until monday night california time to reach a settlement to a legal conflict stemming from the allegedly fraudulent purchase of a california insurer by french bank credit lyonnais , a source close to the case said here wednesday .
springbok skipper corne krige said wednesday players were taking legal advice over images screened around the world showing south africa 's national rugby team naked at a military-style `` boot camp '' .
australian economic growth is likely to accelerate in #### but new zealand risks overheating after four years of very strong activity , the organisation for economic cooperation and development -lrb- oecd -rrb- said wednesday .
supreme iranian leader ayatollah ali khamenei denounced wednesday the occupation of iraq , which he called a `` quagmire '' for americans , in a sermon for the end of ramadan to tens of thousands of worshippers at tehran 's main mosque .
the thai stock market soared #.## percent wednesday after global rating agency moody 's upgraded thailand 's foreign currency ratings , analysts said .
russia can repay in full its debts towards the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- two years early , by #### , the deputy finance minister alexei <unk> was quoted by interfax as saying wednesday .
britain will continue to outshine most major economies as a global recovery accelerates , requiring further interest rate rises to tame rampant house price inflation , the oecd forecast wednesday .
the death toll from the twin suicide car bomb attacks on british targets in istanbul rose to ## on wednesday when a turkish woman died of her injuries , the city 's health department said .
a week-old iraqi girl underwent heart surgery at a hospital near tel aviv wednesday , in an unprecedented display of solidarity between one-time enemy countries , medical sources said .
traffic accidents have killed ### people in the past five days in malaysia as thousands traveled home to celebrate the eid al-fitr festival , police said wednesday .
the french economy will recover gradually next year as exports pick up after barely escaping a recession this year , the organisation for economic cooperation and development said wednesday .
georgian opposition leader mikhail saakashvili , who orchestrated the weeks of mass protests that toppled eduard shevardnadze , will run in presidential elections on january # , interim president nino burjanadze announced wednesday .
iran said wednesday it was ready to sign an accord on wider inspections of its nuclear sites by the the un atomic agency .
magistrates in democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- said wednesday they would step up a month-old strike over pay after the justice ministry made them an `` insulting '' one-off bonus offer to get them to return to work .
vietnam 's trade deficit hit #.## billion dollars in the first ## months of the year as import growth outpaced that of exports , preliminary figures showed wednesday .
the un nuclear watchdog condemned wednesday iran 's nuclear program for two decades of covert activities but did not send tehran before the un security council for possible sanctions , a senior western diplomat said .
new palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei will hold his first meeting with a senior american official this weekend when top us envoy william burns visits qorei 's west bank headquarters , sources said wednesday .
georgian opposition leader mikhail saakashvili , who will be running in presidential elections on january # , said wednesday a top priority would be tbilisi 's relations with moscow .
the oecd warned wednesday that any loosening of strict eurozone budget rules could be `` counter-productive , '' a day after eu ministers let <unk> france and germany off the hook over balooning deficits .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder called wednesday for compromises from poland and spain in the wrangle over an eu constitution , even though they would lose voting powers .
air france and the airline china southern signed a code-share agreement wednesday for flights between paris and guangzhou starting january # , the french company said .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban have called for a boycott of next year 's presidential election and a holy war against us troops while also threatening attacks on those working with foreigners or in the afghan police and army .
georgian opposition leader mikhail saakashvili , who orchestrated the weeks of mass protests that toppled eduard shevardnadze , will run in presidential elections on january # , interim president nino burjanadze announced wednesday .
the un nuclear watchdog unanimously condemned wednesday iran 's nuclear program for two decades of covert activities but did not send tehran before the un security council for possible sanctions , an iaea spokesman said .
the british economy grew faster than previously thought in the third quarter , when gross domestic product increased by #.# percent from the previous quarter , official figures showed wednesday .
swiss organisers of the america 's cup on wednesday named the mediterranean port of valencia in spain as the venue for the #### series .
valencia 's bid for the #### america 's cup was simplified when palma in majorca was dropped from the shortlist in september .
an international rights group called wednesday for the immediate and unconditional lifting of press restrictions in indonesia 's aceh province , where a major military campaign to crush separatist rebels is in its seventh month .
eu research ministers on wednesday chose france to host an ambitious project to replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion , beating a spanish bid , diplomats said .
taiwan 's transportation and communications ministry on wednesday called off the planned auction of ### million chunghwa telecom shares after a top watchdog warned the previous such sale was unfair .
vandals tried to set alight to a mosque in northern france tuesday night and scrawled two swastikas on its walls , police in the port of dunkirk said .
eu research ministers on wednesday chose france as the bloc 's candidate to host an ambitious project to replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion , beating a spanish bid , diplomats said .
outraged newspapers from one end of europe to the other accused france and germany on wednesday of killing the stability pact that sought to underpin the single currency , the euro , through strict limits to budget deficits .
cambodian antique collectors have returned ancient funeral urns which were taken from a pagoda in southern takeo province at the weekend , sparking an uproar among villagers , police said wednesday .
truckers threatened protests wednesday as two more hindi-speakers were burnt to death in india 's northeastern state of assam , taking the death toll to ## in ## days of ethnic clashes , officials said .
eighty-four military reservists have been awarded ###,### euros -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- by a macedonian court as compensation for lasting mental problems resulting from the inter-ethnic crisis of #### , reports said wednesday .
government corruption and slow progress in reforming the financial sector will jeopardise poverty reduction efforts in vietnam , the world 's fastest growing economy after china , unless immediate steps are taken , the world bank warned wednesday .
us prosecutors have given france until monday night california time to settle a legal conflict stemming from the allegedly fraudulent purchase of a california insurer by french bank credit lyonnais , a source close to the case said here wednesday .
one of the women pioneers of egyptian cinema , lebanese producer and actress mary <unk> , died in cairo , egyptian government newspapers reported wednesday .
the times of london , one of the world 's oldest and best-known newspapers , went tabloid on wednesday , launching a <unk> `` compact '' edition to sell alongside its usual broadsheet format .
georgian opposition leader mikhail saakashvili , who orchestrated weeks of protests that toppled former president eduard shevardnadze , announced on wednesday he would run in january 's presidential elections .
the european commission said wednesday that legal action remains a possibility , but only one option , after eu finance ministers let france and germany off the hook over balooning budget deficits .
some ## swiss personalities have signed a manifesto published on wednesday that calls on switzerland to start negotiations to join the european union in #### .
foreign secretary jack straw wednesday reiterated british concern over the plight of nationals held at a us base in cuba after prime minister tony blair failed to obtain any concessions during a london visit by us president george w. bush .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban have called for a boycott of next year 's presidential election and a holy war against us troops while also threatening attacks on those working with foreigners or in the afghan police and army .
gabonese president omar bongo has advised former rebels from ivory coast to rejoin their country 's unity government , from which they withdrew two months ago accusing president laurent gbagbo of obstructing peace-building efforts , a gabonese official has said .
some ## primary school children were poisoned after drinking soy milk and eating cake in the south china town of beihai while ## remained in hospital , the xinhua news agency reported wednesday .
sydney will be the first stop when the olympic torch goes on a global relay spanning all five of the world 's continents next year .
former us first lady senator hillary rodham clinton will spend thanksgiving with american troops in afghanistan , an embassy spokeswoman said wednesday .
valencia mayor rita barbera said wednesday the mediterranean port 's success at winning the right to stage the #### america 's cup would put it on the world map .
the european commission offered wednesday to make concessions to re-start world trade talks after the collapse of a key wto meeting in september , but called for its partners to show similar flexibility .
thieves have made off with artwork and precious items of unspecified value after breaking into a luxurious residence in the french alps belonging to the saudi royal family , french police said wednesday .
with a smile , hillary clinton <unk> that she may run for us president in #### but stay out of the campaign for next year , in an interview with a german magazine released wednesday .
ivorian president laurent gbagbo arrived wednesday in southern burkina faso for talks with his burkinabe counterpart blaise compaore amid easing tensions between the two west african neighbors .
iran hailed wednesday a resolution by the un 's nuclear watchdog condemning it for two decades of covert nuclear activities but deciding not to recommend that it go before the un security council to face possible sanctions .
poland 's president aleksander kwasniewski will pay a state visit to britain when his nation joins the european union , queen elizabeth ii announced wednesday .
eu research ministers on wednesday chose france as the bloc 's candidate to host an ambitious international project to replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion , beating a spanish bid , diplomats said .
rubber futures in singapore finished lower wednesday on increased volumes , dealers said .
zimbabwe 's mark vermeulen and heath streak combined to set west indies ### to win the third of five one-day internationals being played at harare sports club here wednesday , having put together a total of ###-# .
shares in leeds united plunged nearly ## percent on wednesday after the struggling premiership club warned it was in serious danger of being forced into administration .
bolton boss sam allardyce has confirmed he is considering signing russia captain viktor onopko when the transfer window reopens in january .
losing america 's cup bidders expressed their disappointment wednesday after the swiss holders chose the spanish port of valencia to stage the #### series .
leading shiite muslim politican abdel aziz al-hakim wednesday warned of `` real problems '' if the us-led coalition 's blueprint for the return of power to iraqis is not changed .
wigan and great britain captain andrew farrell will miss the start of the #### super league season as a result of knee surgery which he had delayed to lead his country in the recent test series against australia .
the un nuclear watchdog 's condemnation of iran wednesday for hiding nuclear activities was meant as a `` a very serious and ominous message '' for it to comply with international regulations in the future , iaea head mohamed elbaradei said .
the guns fell silent over kashmir 's border wednesday as the first ever full ceasefire between india and pakistan came into effect , raising hopes that talks to find a lasting peace could begin .
fiji 's vijay singh and local favorite ernie els will line up thursday for this year 's sun city challenge with a smaller winner 's fee , but a field enlarged from ## to ## players .
sheikh aref <unk> , a prominent lebanese druze spiritual guide who had forbidden members of his community from collaborating with israel , died wednesday at the age of ### , officials said .
the us military said wednesday it had captured a wife and daughter of izzat ibrahim al-duri , the number two of ousted leader saddam hussein who is believed to have masterminded a series of anti-coalition attacks .
a large fire near an oil pipeline in northern iraq was intentionally started by a state-owned oil company to avoid leaked oil deposits being used by insurgents , a company official said .
losing america 's cup bidders expressed their disappointment wednesday after the swiss holders chose the spanish port of valencia to stage the #### series .
the foreign and regional cooperation ministers of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- left kinshasa on wednesday <unk> -lrb- far -rrb- and interahamwe militia were defeated by kagame 's forces to end the genocide in rwanda that claimed around one million lives , according to kigali .
an alternative peace plan drawn up by leading palestinian and israeli politicians and intellectuals is due to be unveiled in switzerland on monday .
the un nuclear watchdog 's condemnation of iran wednesday for hiding nuclear activities was meant as a `` a very serious and ominous message '' for it to comply with international regulations in the future , iaea head mohamed elbaradei said .
the polish central bank said on wednesday it was leaving its benchmark interest rates unchanged .
south african sports minister ngconde balfour slammed the springboks ' military-style preparations for the rugby world cup wednesday , demanding an inquiry into the `` disgusting '' coaching methods .
<unk> actions to the lithuanian people , '' he said .
the un children 's agency and unaids wednesday urged african countries to finalize action plans for aids orphans , noting that nearly four-fifths of the world 's aids orphans are african .
egyptian foreign minister ahmed maher asked israel to do its part for a truce with the palestinians when he spoke to his israeli counterpart silvan shalom on wednesday , the middle east news agency -lrb- mena -rrb- reported .
gibraltarians are set to hand the ruling social democrats of chief minister peter caruana victory in thursday 's local election with opinion polls predicting he will win an absolute majority .
concorde made its last ever flight on wednesday from london heathrow airport to <unk> , near bristol , western england , where one model is to go on display to its army of admirers .
fernando morientes said his goal which helped qualify monaco for the last ## of the champions league means much more to him than it would have if he was still at real madrid .
the oecd warned the russian government wednesday that its `` political '' campaign against the <unk> percent growth rate in its economy next year , powered by domestic demand and oil industry activities .
a french magazine , paris match , is to publish this week exclusive pictures of what it says shows iraqi rebels launching the missile attack on a german dhl <unk> plane over baghdad at the weekend that prompted a shutdown of commercial air traffic to the iraqi capital .
iran hailed wednesday a resolution by the un 's nuclear watchdog condemning it for two decades of covert nuclear activities but deciding not to recommend that it go before the un security council to face possible sanctions .
the famed israeli author and veteran peace activist shulamit <unk> has died after a long illness at the age of ## , reports said wednesday .
us consumer spending -- the major driver behind the world 's biggest economy -- was unchanged in october , even as people 's incomes grew , the government said wednesday .
one of the women pioneers of egyptian cinema , lebanese producer and actress mary <unk> , died in cairo , egyptian government newspapers reported wednesday .
mark hughes has set his sights on steering wales to the #### world cup finals .
argentine striker fabian caballero has revealed that he wants to carry on playing in scotland , despite the trauma of having his contract <unk> terminated by dundee .
security measures at the british embassy in berlin were stepped up wednesday for the third time in less than a week following the attacks on british interests in istanbul , police and officials said .
the algerian government has ordered secondary school teachers to end a seven-week strike over pay or be struck off the official teachers ' register , a statement said wednesday .
georgia 's interim president , nino burjanadze , said wednesday that us president george w. bush had assured her of us help in guaranteeing stability in the country .
brazilian authorities have detained an israeli drug trafficker wanted in his home country as well as in thailand , japan , the united states and europe , police said wednesday .
russian police officers said they discovered the body of a us woman in a fridge in the capital moscow on wednesday after finding a note on the body of a russian who had admitted killing her .
a court on wednesday ordered russia 's bolshoi theater to reinstate a ballerina fired for being too heavy , russian media said .
new orders for big-ticket items such as cars soared at the fastest rate in more than a year in october , shattering modest expectations , data showed wednesday .
oil prices rose slightly on wednesday on the back of investment fund buying ahead of a weekly snapshot of us oil stocks , traders said .
the stars of england 's world cup triumph look set to be rewarded with the weekend off but it will be straight back to the domestic grind for some of the squad players who were rarely used down under .
argentina has stepped up security checks around the country after several warnings that a terrorist attack could be staged in buenos aires , defense minister jose pampuro said wednesday .
georgia 's interim president , nino burjanadze , said on wednesday us president george w. bush had assured her of washington 's help in guaranteeing stability in her former soviet republic .
new orders for big-ticket items such as planes and washing machines soared at the fastest rate in more than a year in october , shattering modest expectations , data showed wednesday .
spain 's opposition socialists on wednesday blasted conservative prime minister jose maria aznar after eu research ministers gave the nod to france to host a nuclear project that will replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion .
brazil 's economy rebounded from six months of declines , growing #.# percent quarter over quarter in the third quarter , the government said wednesday .
west brom striker lee hughes , who has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop after an accident following a car crash in which a ##-year-old man died , has been released on bail .
russia hopes for a constitutional solution to the crisis in georgia following the forced resignation of president eduard shevardnadze , russian foreign minister igor ivanov said on wednesday .
french weekly magazine , paris match , is to publish exclusive pictures of what it says are iraqi rebels launching a missile attack on a german dhl cargo plane over baghdad that led to a shutdown of commercial air traffic to the iraqi capital .
a greek court ordered wednesday the release on bail of seven anti-globalisation protestors , five of them on hunger strike for two months , who face charges of rioting during an eu summit in june , their lawyers said .
former south african cricket captain kepler wessels was on wednesday cleared of allegations that he made racist remarks about two colored -lrb- mixed race -rrb- players , an advocate hearing the case said .
sales of new us homes fell #.# percent in october , to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of #.### million units , the commerce department said wednesday .
a pathologist testifying at the trial of alleged murderer ian huntley cast withering doubt wednesday on a claim by the defense that his two ##-year-old victims died because of a bathroom mishap .
the un nuclear watchdog adopted wednesday a resolution condemning iran 's nuclear program , but stopping short of taking the issue to the un security council for possible sanctions .
iran 's arch-enemy israel said wednesday it would continue to carefully monitor tehran 's nuclear activities after the un 's atomic watchdog condemned tehran for two decades of covert nuclear activities .
to have the television all to herself , a two-year-old girl in southwest germany locked her mother in a bedroom , police said wednesday .
the irish airline aer lingus has signed an order to buy seven airbus a###s and said it would lease ## more from the international lease finance corporation , the european aircraft maker said wednesday .
ukraine is suffering from an alarming spread in the hiv virus that causes aids , a senior united nations official warned in the ex-soviet republic on wednesday .
the hard-rocking slade hit `` merry <unk> everybody '' will be heard no more at manchester airport after it was panned in a survey of travellers ' yuletide tastes .
american consumers ' confidence hit an ##-month high in november as the economy galloped ahead , a survey by the university of michigan showed wednesday .
ten government soldiers drowned during a training exercise in northern sri lanka wednesday , military sources here said .
spain 's opposition socialists on wednesday blasted conservative prime minister jose maria aznar after eu research ministers chose france as their candidate to host a nuclear project that will replicate the sun 's nuclear fusion .
wales manager mark hughes has confirmed that he will lead the side into the #### world cup qualifying campaign .
a pathologist testifying at the trial of alleged murderer ian huntley cast withering doubt wednesday on a claim by the defense that his two ##-year-old victims died because of a bathroom mishap .
bolton boss sam allardyce has confirmed he is considering signing russia captain viktor onopko when the transfer window reopens in january .
bolton boss sam allardyce has confirmed he is considering signing russia captain viktor onopko when the transfer window reopens in january .
european commission chief romano prodi announced plans wednesday for a new `` initiative on better economic governance '' but made no mention of legal action , after eu ministers let france and germany off the hook over budget violations .
the head of georgia 's autonomous adjara region in moscow on wednesday slammed the manner of president eduard shevardnadze 's overthrow , reinforcing fears for the country 's stability .
arsenal 's thierry henry , his fellow frenchman zinedine zidane , and brazilian striker ronaldo have been nominated for the world football player of the year award , fifa said on wednesday .
arsenal 's thierry henry , his fellow frenchman zinedine zidane , and brazilian striker ronaldo have been nominated for the world football player of the year award , fifa said on wednesday .
post-election political horse-trading began in earnest here wednesday as the the nationalist croatian democratic union -lrb- hdz -rrb- sought partners for its new government , officials said .
the united states saw an alarming jump in the number of new <unk> cases between #### and #### among men who engage in risky behavior with other men , us health authorities said wednesday .
european commission chief romano prodi announced plans wednesday for a new `` initiative on better economic governance '' but made no mention of legal action , after eu ministers let france and germany off the hook over budget violations .
the wayward german football star stefan effenberg was fined ###,### euros -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- by a court wednesday for calling a policeman an `` <unk> .
the turkish football federation on wednesday described as `` unacceptable '' a uefa decision to move three european football matches out of turkey on security grounds and threatened to go to court if the decision were not reversed within ## hours .
the french national assembly on wednesday ratified the treaty permitting the expansion of the european union to take in ten new member states next may .
presidents paul kagame of rwanda and joseph kabila of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- will meet in pretoria on thursday to review the implementation of a peace deal signed last year to end one of africa 's most tangled wars .
michael jackson 's new album `` number ones , '' released just as news broke of child molestation charges against the troubled pop star , debuted at number ## on the us charts wednesday .
israeli president moshe katzav received a delegation of israeli and palestinian supporters of the unofficial geneva initiative peace plan at his official residence here wednesday , his spokesman said .
the hard-rocking slade hit `` merry <unk> everybody '' will be heard no more at manchester airport after it was panned in a survey of travellers ' yuletide tastes .
european stock markets closed lower wednesday , with the london ftse ### index falling #.## percent to #,###.# points .
the french national assembly on wednesday ratified the treaty permitting the expansion of the european union to take in ten new member states next may .
croatian martial arts fighter mirko filipovic , a world championship finalist , will enter parliament after winning a seat during last weekend 's election , official results showed wednesday .
the guns fell silent over kashmir 's border wednesday as the first ever full ceasefire between india and pakistan began , raising hopes that talks to find a lasting peace could begin .
the us economy is now in a broad-based expansion and the battered labor market is emerging from the dumps , the federal reserve 's beige book survey showed wednesday .
the launch of an alternative middle east peace plan in geneva next week marks the start of a campaign by moderate israelis and palestinians that will only end once the violence stops , officials said wednesday .
us actor richard dreyfuss will host the launch of an alternative middle east peace plan in geneva next week before a rare audience of celebrities , business heads and ordinary people from both sides of the conflict , officials said wednesday .
wall street shares languished in morning trade wednesday , ahead of the thanksgiving day holiday , despite a feast of mostly stronger-than-expected economic data .
west brom striker lee hughes , who has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop after an accident following a car crash in which a ##-year-old man died , has been released on bail .
a jewish association won a landmark legal test case wednesday over the return of property sold during germany 's nazi era , opening the way for hundreds of similar claims .
french and spanish judges are considering merging their separate probes into last year 's prestige oil spill disaster and launching a joint lawsuit , officials said wednesday .
outgoing nato secretary general george robertson touched down on a landmark visit to belgrade wednesday in what many see as a fence-mending trip to a town bombed by alliance jets only four years ago .
russian president vladimir putin and azerbaijan 's leader ilham aliyev spoke by telephone wenesday about the political turmoil in their mutual neighbor , georgia , the azeri state news agency reported .
the french national assembly on wednesday ratified the treaty permitting the european union to take in ten new member states next may .
the us and british military intervention in iraq bears some worrying similarities with britain 's involvement in northern ireland , former irish president and senior un official mary robinson said on wednesday .
a doctor in southwest france was placed under judicial investigation wednesday for `` complicity to poison '' after she allegedly ordered a lethal injection to be administered to a woman dying of cancer , her lawyer said .
the dutch ambassador to uganda on wednesday warned that his country will find it difficult to continue aiding uganda unless kampala takes firm action against corruption and speeds up democratization .
russia on wednesday urged armenia and azerbaijan to revive their stalled peace talks over the disputed territory of nagorno-karabakh , a conflict which has been festering between the two neighbors for more than a decade .
the us economy is now in a broad-based expansion and the battered labor market is emerging from the dumps , the federal reserve 's beige book survey showed wednesday .
a television presenter in the hardline former soviet republic of uzbekistan said on wednesday that she had mounted an unprecedented legal challenge against censorship by her employer .
poland 's deputy economy minister andrzej <unk> is set to visit south korea from sunday as poland vies with slovakia for a billion-dollar car factory investment by hyundai .
three editors from a nigerian news magazine were charged with sedition and criminal defamation on wednesday after they published an article alleging corruption at the heart of government , their lawyer said .
sweden has agreed to return the remains of ## aboriginals collected illegally in australia almost ### years ago , thereby becoming the first european government to do so , australian and swedish officials said on wednesday .
spanish prime minister jose maria aznar arrived in algeria on wednesday for the first of a series of top-level meetings called for under an october #### bilateral cooperation accord .
england 's world cup winning rugby team will take part in a victory parade through london next month , the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- announced on wednesday .
gao zhan , a us-based chinese scholar convicted in china of spying for taiwan and released after pressure from the us government , pleaded guilty wednesday to exporting banned technology to china , a us official said .
the european parliament and european union member countries agreed wednesday to allow austria to partly continue a widely contested ban on heavy trucks .
the euro surged higher against the dollar wednesday as the us currency failed to gain from a raft of strong us data in thin trade as players stayed on the sidelines on the eve of a us holiday .
oil prices gushed higher on wednesday after weekly us government figures showed a surprisingly big fall in us oil inventories , kindling jitters about supplies as winter looms in the northern hemisphere .
welsh rugby chief david moffett has launched a blistering attack on australian counterpart john o'neill telling him to mind his own business over plans for wales to co-host the #### world cup .
the white house on wednesday welcomed the un nuclear watchdog agency 's resolution on iranian nuclear activities , saying it showed the world 's `` serious concerns '' about tehran 's atomic ambitions .
england 's world cup winning rugby team will take part in a victory parade through london next month , the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- announced on wednesday .
moldova is holding its ground in refusing to sign a russian-backed peace plan with the breakaway moldovan region of transdniestr , under european and possible us pressure , a senior kremlin official said wednesday .
brazil 's triple world champion nelson piquet has claimed that the williams formula one team want to sign his ##-year-old son <unk> on a seven-year deal .
the united states saw an alarming jump in the number of new hiv\/aids cases among homosexual men between #### and #### , us health authorities said wednesday .
a us-based chinese scholar , gao zhan , once held in china for spying for taiwan , pleaded guilty in a us court wednesday to exporting banned technology to china , a us official said .
west brom striker lee hughes , who has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving and failing to stop after an accident following a car crash in which a ##-year-old man died , has been released on bail .
us president george w. bush told georgia 's interim president , nino burjanadze , on wednesday that he backed her country 's independence and democratic and free-market reforms , the white house said .
us president george w. bush will welcome chinese premier wen jiabao to the white house december # for talks on a `` full range '' of bilateral issues , bush spokeswoman claire buchan said wednesday .
us crude oil inventories fell sharply over the past week , but gasoline supplies were built up , according to government and industry data wednesday .
ralf schumacher of the williams team clocked the fastest time in the second day of formula one testing here on wednesday .
real madrid playmaker zinedine zidane says france will have a tough time defending their title as european champions at the euro #### tournament in portugal .
a un ` contact group ' on iraq set up by un secretary general kofi annan is to meet for the first time next monday , his spokesman said wednesday .
european shares slipped lower wednesday after robust us data proved not enough to avert profit-taking on a jittery wall street on the eve of the thanksgiving holiday , dealers said .
a batch of genetically-modified mice may have shown the way to thwarting one of the potentially fatal side effects of the club drug ecstasy , according to a study published thursday in the british scientific journal nature .
the european parliament and european union member countries agreed wednesday to allow austria to partly continue a widely contested ban on heavy trucks .
initial voter turnout has been slow for a key election wednesday to northern ireland 's local parliament which could determine the fate of the province 's #### good friday peace deal , sources said .
us-based chinese scholar gao zhan , once incarcerated in beijing on charges of spying for taiwan , admitted in a us court wednesday to illegally exporting sensitive us computer technology to china .
burkina faso president blaise compaore announced wednesday `` new initiatives '' devised with his ivorian counterpart laurent gbagbo to wrest ivory coast from a ##-month political and military crisis .
the white house on wednesday welcomed the un nuclear watchdog agency 's resolution on iranian nuclear activities , saying it showed the world 's `` serious concerns '' about tehran 's atomic ambitions .
investigators wednesday cleared the un office on drugs and crime -lrb- unodc -rrb- of corruption charges raised by a former employee .
the first global conference on wind energy held in africa ended wednesday with an appeal to rich countries to invest more resources into renewable energies like wind and solar power .
williams formula one team are going back to the future in december by handing test drives to the sons of their former world champions nelson piquet and keke rosberg .
british foreign secretary jack straw said wednesday the un nuclear watchdog agency 's resolution on iranian atomic activities was an `` important step forward `` in preventing nuclear proliferation .
saudi oger ltd. , a company owned by lebanese prime minister rafiq hariri , has acquired ## percent of arab bank , the region 's most prestigious bank , for about ### million dollars , they announced wednesday .
celtic midfielder liam miller insisted on wednesday that he wants to commit his long term future to the scottish giants .
british foreign secretary jack straw said wednesday the un nuclear watchdog agency 's resolution on iranian atomic activities was an `` important step forward '' in preventing nuclear proliferation .
the european union has pledged ### million dollars -lrb- ### million euros -rrb- a year to help developing countries from #### fight the damaging effects of climate change , italian officials said wednesday .
monaco 's prince albert arrived in santiago wednesday afternoon for a three-day official visit at the start of a brief latin american tour .
argentina has stepped up security checks around the country after several warnings that a terrorist attack could be staged in buenos aires , defense minister jose pampuro said wednesday .
mexican president vicente fox has named enrique <unk> the country 's new un ambassador , the foreign ministry said wednesday .
the oakland athletics completed a deal that had been rumored for more than a week on wednesday , acquiring outfielder mark kotsay from the san diego padres for catcher ramon hernandez and outfielder terrence long .
world oil prices gushed higher on wednesday after a weekly snapshot of us commercial crude oil inventories revealed an unexpectedly steep drop in supplies , analysts said .
a group of us lawmakers have proposed dropping russia from meeting the world 's industrialised powers summit if it does not respect democracy .
nato secretary general george robertson on wednesday warned the nationalist croatian democratic union -lrb- hdz -rrb- party , which won weekend elections in croatia that nationalism belonged in the past .
a us soldier died from a non-combat-related gunshot wound wednesday in the mosul region of northern iraq , the us army said .
us secretary of state colin powell has invited palestinian and israeli promoters of a peace plan called the `` voice of the people '' for talks in washington , the plan 's promoters said wednesday .
the french athletics federation announced on wednesday that it had reduced middle distance runner fouad chouki 's ban for doping from two years to ## months plus six months suspended .
english premiership side saracens on wednesday completed the signing of springbok prop <unk> <unk> from super ## outfit the stormers .
the united states said wednesday there were no immediate plans for secretary of state colin powell to meet the creators of two new alternative middle east plans .
us shares ended with slim gains wednesday , ahead of the thanksgiving day holiday , as wall street showed a muted reaction to a <unk> of robust economic data .
georgia 's opposition leader mikhail saakashvili said wednesday there was unrest among part of the armed forces , who might be tempted to stage a military coup following the resignation of veteran president eduard shevardnadze .
the caribbean island of grenada , which was invaded by a us force in #### to topple a marxist government , will hold a general election on thursday .
the united states and europe on wednesday both welcomed the agreement by the un 's nuclear watchdog agency to rebuke iran over its covert nuclear activities for the past ## years without asking for un sanctions .
israeli troops shot dead three palestinians near a jewish settlers ' road in the central gaza strip late wednesday , military officials said .
the london-based foreign press <unk> on wednesday named italian prime minister silvio berlusconi `` <unk> of the year '' , with the second prize going to british defense secretary geoff hoon , the fpa said .
uruguayan hitman diego forlan struck a late goal to lead manchester united into the last sixteen of the champions league here on wednesday as the english giants struggled to a dour #-# win over panathinaikos .
a second-half goal from andrei shevchenko gave european champions ac milan a #-# win over ajax and spot in the last ## of the champions league here on wednesday night .
david beckham and ronaldo scored impressively as real madrid beat marseille #-# in the champions league here on wednesday to leave the french side out of contention for the knockout stage .
the us ###st airborne division wednesday mourned two of its soldiers killed in a shooting ambush in iraq 's main northern city last week in which witnesses said they had their throats slit .
superstar michael jackson will be formally charged on multiple counts of child molestation in mid-december , prosecutors said wednesday .
the united states on wednesday said it would send thousands of extra marines to iraq as it battles insurgents who have taken a mounting toll on us troops .
the united states on wednesday asked countries , especially russia , to be careful about helping iran with its nuclear program .
a second-half goal from andrei shevchenko gave european champions ac milan a #-# win over ajax and spot in the last ## of the champions league here on wednesday night .
us shares ended with slim gains wednesday ahead of the thanksgiving day holiday , as wall street showed a muted reaction to a <unk> of robust economic data .
human rights watch on wednesday accused pro-government militia in ivory coast of killing and torturing civilians , despite the presence of international peacekeeping forces .
two anti-globalisation protesters out of seven facing charges in greece of rioting during an eu summit in june left prison late wednesday more than four months after their arrest .
the french government on wednesday welcomed the will of georgia 's new leadership `` to restart as soon as possible the democratic process '' in the former soviet republic , a spokesman for the foreign ministry said .
a un ` contact group ' on iraq set up by un secretary general kofi annan is to meet for the first time next monday , his spokesman said wednesday .
star rugby union winger rupeni caucaunibuca has quit his fiji national side in a bid to become an all black , the fiji rugby union -lrb- fru -rrb- said in a statement thursday in which they reacted angrily to the news .
french middle distance runner fouad chouki has vowed to take his fight to clear his name to the courts after seeing his doping ban reduced from two years to ## months plus six months suspended .
british prime minister tony blair , who last month suffered a heart scare , saw a doctor wednesday after suffering stomach ache , his spokesman said .
an explosion took place at the italian embassy in baghdad following a mortar or missile attack , italian rai public television reported early thursday .
israel withdrew a united nations resolution on child victims of palestinian attacks , its first resolution ever presented to the general assembly , israeli ambassador to the united nations dan gillerman announced wednesday .
an explosion caused by a missile or mortar shell shook the italian embassy in baghdad late wednesday , italian rai public television reported .
share prices in tokyo opened marginally higher thursday with the nikkei-### index gaining ##.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
moderate parties did better than expected in wednesday 's crucial poll for northern ireland 's local parliament , which could determine the future of the province 's peace process , a private exit poll said .
the hits just keep on coming for the los angeles kings .
organisers of glastonbury , the world 's biggest outdoor music festival , won approval late wednesday to host next year 's event at its customary venue -- a dairy farm in western england .
irish prime minister bertie ahern was thursday set to hold talks with the prime ministers of european union member denmark and incoming member latvia as ireland prepares to take over the bloc 's presidency .
lleyton hewitt was thursday handed the chance to give australia early ascendancy in the davis cup tennis final when he was drawn to face spain 's world no. # juan carlos ferrero in the opening singles rubber here on friday .
israel on wednesday withdrew a united nations resolution on child victims of palestinian attacks , its first resolution ever presented to the general assembly .
rangers manager alex mcleish was left cursing some schoolboy defending as the scottish giants lost #-# to vfb stuttgart and crashed out of the champions league here wednesday .
travellers faced delays in australia thursday as pilots staged a go slow over the introduction of controversial air traffic control reforms they say will lead to a mid-air collision .
us troops have announced the capture of two family members of saddam hussein 's deputy in the quickening hunt for alleged mastermind of anti-coalition violence , as the pentagon prepared fresh soldiers for duty in iraq .
the bodies of two palestinians shot dead and one palestinian seriously wounded by israeli troops in the central gaza strip late wednesday were handed over to palestinian officials , palestinian and israeli sources said .
hong kong gold prices opened higher thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , compared to the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
a parliamentary committee of inquiry in lithuania is expected on thursday to finalize a report into allegations that the office of president rolandas paksas has links with the mafia .
the philippines peso dived to an all-time low thursday after a popular movie star , fernando poe , announced he would challenge president gloria arroyo in elections in may <unk> year .
the philippines peso dived to an all-time low thursday after a popular movie star , fernando poe , announced he would challenge president gloria arroyo in elections in may <unk> year .
hong kong share prices were slightly lower in opening trade thursday as market sentiment remained cautious after wall street eked out slight overnight gains , dealers said .
the dollar slipped against the yen thursday on exporter selling but was stuck in a tight range as many investors were absent from the market due to the us thanksgiving holiday , dealers said .
the australian government backed down on plans to reduce tariffs on textile imports from #### thursday , giving the industry an extra five years and ### million dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- to minimize job losses .
the united states should abandon reported plans to send uighur detainees currently held at guantanamo bay to china , where they are likely to face mistreatment and possibly torture , a new york-based rights group said thursday .
australia unveiled on thursday new high-security passports featuring `` floating '' kangaroos and other <unk> technology it said would help foil terrorists , people smugglers and other criminals .
protesters opposing a <unk> peace plan for moldova 's breakaway transdniestr region late wednesday clashed with the police as they tried to march towards the residence of moldovan president vladimir voronin in the capital chisinau .
jakarta , nov ## -lrb- afp -rrb- - a bombing and shooting heightened tensions in indonesia 's religiously-divided poso district during the eid al-fitr islamic holiday but no one was hurt , police said thursday .
a total of ### chinese were killed in blasts at fireworks plants in the first nine months of #### , up ## percent from the same period last year , state media reported thursday .
spain have conferred with france , shock winners of the final here two years ago , to glean their winning formula as they prepare for friday 's davis cup final with australia at melbourne park .
the philippines peso dived to an all-time low and share prices dropped nearly two percent thursday after a popular movie star announced he would challenge president gloria arroyo in polls in may <unk> year .
prosecutors on thursday raided an affiliate of hyundai motor , south korea 's top automaker , in a widening probe of illegal corporate donations to political parties , officials said .
thai airways international was trading lower thursday after ###.## million shares offered last week hit the market , dealers said .
british rastafarian benjamin <unk> on thursday publicly rejected an invitation to be honored by queen elizabeth ii for his services to literature , saying the award 's name reminded him of his ancestors ' `` brutal '' suffering at the hands of their white masters .
a #,###-year-old musical instrument has fetched more than one million dollars at a beijing auction , a new record in an expanding corner of the art market .
detroit coach larry brown 's starting backcourt disappeared - along with his hopes of a triumphant return to philadelphia .
indonesia 's human rights minister has complained that his own rights are being infringed because of his low salary , a report said thursday .
australian prime minister john howard warned thursday that moves to readmit zimbabwe to the commonwealth at a group summit next week would undermine the movement 's credibility and set a `` dangerous precedent '' for other errant states .
australia unveiled on thursday new high-security passports featuring `` floating '' kangaroos and other <unk> technology it said would help foil terrorists , people smugglers and other criminals .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday as a threat of a ratings downgrade by moody 's investors service compounded political concerns after movie star fernando poe jnr declared his candidacy for next year 's presidential polls , dealers said .
the philippine economy grew a better-than-expected #.# percent in the three months to september on the back of a strong agriculture sector , president gloria arroyo said thursday .
oil prices were flat in asian trade thursday following overnight gains dealers said .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher in morning trade on thursday , supported by a steady wall street performance , dealers said .
the australian government introduced legislation thursday to give the country 's spy agency greater powers to interrogate terrorist suspects , just six months after the laws underwent significant tightening .
the european union opened human rights talks with china thursday , with torture , the death penalty and political prisoners on the agenda , sources close to the discussions said .
new zealand 's central bank is looking for ways to reini in the surging new zealand dollar , reserve bank governor alan bollard said thursday .
leg-spinner stuart macgill and paceman jason gillespie were named in a ##-man australian team for next week 's opening cricket test against india in brisbane .
australian shares closed #.## percent easier thursday , lead by the banks shares and market heavyweight news corp. as investors remained cautious ahead of the thanksgiving holiday in the united states , dealers said .
three separatist rebels including a senior leader have surrendered to the army in the indonesian province of aceh , the military said thursday .
suspected muslim rebels killed two policemen in indian kashmir overnight despite the ceasefire between indian and pakistani forces which came into effect a day earlier , police said thursday .
new zealand share prices closed down #.## percent thursday on the back of contract energy 's retreat , dealers said .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower thursday as a threat of a ratings downgrade by moody 's compounded political concerns after movie star fernando poe declared his candidacy for next year 's presidential polls , dealers said .
taiwan share prices plunged #.## percent thursday to close at the day 's low amid concerns at the possible chinese reaction to a referendum bill being put before parliament , dealers said .
the dollar slipped against the yen thursday on exporter selling but was stuck in a tight range as many investors were absent from the market due to the us thanksgiving holiday , dealers said .
japan 's biggest heavy machinery maker mitsubishi heavy industries ltd. -lrb- mhi -rrb- said thursday it will invest some ### million yen -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- in a spanish power project .
a sudden asthma attack is likely to keep australian world and olympic ####m champion grant hackett out of the three-day world cup shortcourse meeting starting here on friday .
australian shares closed #.## percent easier thursday , lead by the banks and market heavyweight news corp. as investors remained cautious ahead of the thanksgiving holiday in the united states , dealers said .
at least ## people were killed in road crashes as millions of bangladeshis traveled to celebrate the eid al-fitr feast with their families , the official bss news agency said thursday .
south korean share prices closed #.## percent easier on profit-taking thursday , with foreign investors largely sidelined ahead of the thanksgiving holiday in the united states , dealers said .
south pacific police chiefs announced a coordinated effort thursday to prevent international criminals and terrorists from getting a foothold in the region , focussing on drug trafficking and the infiltration of terrorist groups .
thailand 's government has been left red-faced after it was forced to abandon controversial education legislation that failed to win royal endorsement when it was found to be riddled with errors .
china is dusting off an updated version of the cult of personality for the ###th anniversary of the birth of the late revolutionary mao zedong , with a new hip-hop song , films , books and concerts being prepared .
taiwan share prices plunged #.## percent thursday to close at the day 's low amid concerns at possible chinese reaction to a referendum bill being put before parliament , dealers said .
a saudi newspaper published thursday gruesome pictures of some of the victims of the november # attack on the <unk> residential compound in riyadh , which killed ## people and wounded more than ### .
prince harry , third in line to the british throne , posed for only his second official photo call thursday at a cattle station in the australian outback .
south korea 's samsung electronics on thursday announced the development of the worlds largest tft-lcd panel for high-definition -lrb- hd -rrb- television .
a corrupt taiwanese politician who fled the country last month after an election scandal was sentenced in his absence thursday to three-and-a-half years in prison for buying votes .
left-arm seamer nathan bracken may force his way into the australian starting eleven for next week 's opening test against india based on his form this month on the sub-continent .
two communist guerrillas were killed and four others were wounded in a gunbattle thursday with philippine troops in a province west of manila , the military said .
bmw will launch its #-series model , its second made-in-china car , this weekend amid booming sales of luxury sedans on the mainland , company chairman helmut panke said thursday .
travellers faced delays in australia thursday as pilots called for a go slow over the introduction of controversial air traffic control reforms they say heighten the danger of mid-air collisions .
the israeli army admitted thursday that three palestinians who were shot dead by soldiers late wednesday were unarmed , retracting an earlier statement which claimed the troops had killed two gunmen .
a general of saddam hussein 's dissolved armed forces has died under interrogation by us forces , in a death that a us military statement thursday said `` appeared '' to be from natural causes .
standard and poor 's on thursday raised its public information rating on the state-owned vietnam bank for agriculture and rural development -lrb- agribank -rrb- .
australian opposition leader simon crean said he was considering his position thursday after being told his major backers had deserted him because he could not mount a credible challenge to prime minister john howard .
pakistan thursday hailed the second day of an historic ceasefire with india along boundaries in disputed kashmir as `` a good beginning '' to the latest efforts at dialogue with its nuclear rival .
the body of british consul general roger short was flown back to england early thursday on a military aircraft , a week after he was killed in one of the istanbul suicide bombings a foreign office official said .
one of china 's biggest <unk> drug cases began thursday with ## defendants being tried in southern guangzhou city for manufacturing and trafficking some ##.## tons of `` ice , '' state press said .
an indian family convinced they would be infected with hiv by touching a relative who suffered aids tried to bury him alive hours before he died , a doctor said thursday .
england soccer captain and fashion icon david beckham will collect an obe from the queen at buckingham palace on thursday .
cambodia 's prime minister hun sen thursday softened his stance in a row over a lawsuit against an opposition party chief that is the latest impediment to four months of wrangling to form a government .
argentina 's foreign minister rafael bielsa said thursday he hopes creditors will accept a debt restructuring plan and allow the country to get back on its feet .
the british embassy in bulgaria was closed for security reasons on thursday morning as part of measures to protect britain 's missions in the region after the istanbul attacks , the bulgarian foreign ministry said .
hong kong gold prices closed higher thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared with the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
south africa 's ##-year-old full-back jaco van der westhuyzen is poised to sign for leicester tigers .
at least three people have died in floods in central vietnam , less than a fortnight after torrential rains left more than ## people dead , officials said thursday .
several jewish settlement outposts in the west bank are about to be authorised by the israeli government , deputy defense minister zeev boim told army radio thursday .
bangkok authorities on thursday warned the public to beware of puffer fish after three people were poisoned from eating the deadly meat .
hong kong share prices closed slightly lower thursday in listless trade with many investors unwilling to take positions ahead of the us thanksgiving holiday , dealers said .
england 's world cup winners have revealed the secret of their triumph down under -- tasty food that keeps them at the peak of fitness .
jakarta , nov ## -lrb- afp -rrb- - a bombing and shooting heightened tensions in indonesia 's religiously-divided poso district during this week 's eid al-fitr islamic holiday but no one was hurt , police said thursday .
hong kong health officials warned the public on thursday that there could be further outbreaks of viral gastroenteritis which has already sickened hundreds of people in the city .
tui , the world 's leading travel and tourism group , said thursday that it remained confident about the outlook for its tourism division , despite a decline in third-quarter earnings .
a farmer was executed in northern vietnam for stabbing to death his father and younger brother following a dispute over family inheritance , state media said thursday .
african leaders , including presidents paul kagame of rwanda and joseph kabila of the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- gathered in pretoria on thursday for a mini-summit to review the implementation of a peace deal signed last year to end one of africa 's most tangled wars .
a mysterious metallic crushing noise has been heard by astronauts on the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- , a spokesman for russia 's space agency said on thursday .
just five days after being praised for staging the most successful world cup ever , australian rugby union boss john o'neill is facing a backroom coup .
the trial of three former rwandan officials charged with genocide and crimes against humanity in #### opened on thursday before an international tribunal in neighbouring tanzania , the hirondelle news agency reported tuesday .
more than ### people drowned when a fishing boat capsized in bad weather late tuesday in lake <unk> in the democratic republic of congo , the governor of the province said thursday .
french manufacturers are becoming increasingly optimistic about business prospects in the country and their level of confidence is now at its highest since mid-#### , the statistics institue insee reported thursday .
just five days after being praised for staging the most successful world cup ever , australian rugby union boss john o'neill is facing a backroom coup .
india vowed thursday to push the fragile peace process with pakistan forward as islamabad hailed a ceasefire between the rival armies across the rugged kashmiri borders as a `` good beginning '' .
a un human rights envoy arrived in cambodia thursday on a ##-day mission to assess the current rights situation in the kingdom , a un spokeswoman said .
vietnam 's industrial output for the eleven months to november rose a sharp ##.# percent , while foreign-invested companies outpaced even that rate of growth , official figures showed thursday .
india 's ruling party said thursday that prime minister atal behari vajpayee was ready to talk with a rebel group in the northeastern state of assam blamed for killing ## hindi-speaking settlers .
long in perpetual fear of bullets , residents of this kashmir frontier town basked in the sun and paid leisurely visits to friends thursday as they rejoiced over a border truce between india and pakistan .
taiwan 's economy continued to gain momentum in october with economic indicators flashing a `` green light '' steady growth rate for a fourth consecutive month and perhaps signalling `` slight overheating , '' official data showed thursday .
growth of the euro-zone money supply , as measured by the broad indicator m# , accelerated in october , data published by the european central bank showed on thursday .
a rocket-propelled grenade slammed into the second floor of the italian embassy in baghdad late wednesday but failed to explode , italian diplomats said thursday .
a family feud over control of hyundai group intensified thursday as the holding company 's chairwoman filed a counter suit to foil a possible hostile takeover by a close relative .
several jewish settlement outposts in the west bank are about to be authorised by the israeli government , deputy defense minister zeev boim told army radio thursday .
nigeria has recovered ### million dollars in funds looted by late military dictator sani abacha and stashed in the british channel islands , finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala said .
brazil teenager nilmar is poised to join english premiership side chelsea for seven million dollars , his club internacional said wednesday .
a parliamentary <unk> <unk> said the draft report under consideration was based on an ##-point chronology of events , which showed that among other things paksas ' office leaked classified information to his main financial backer in his election campaign , who is accused of illegal arms trading with sudan .
hong kong share prices closed slightly lower thursday giving up modest early gains as investors kept to the sidelines ahead of the closure of us markets for the thanksgiving holiday , dealers said .
hooligans hurled paving stones and firebombs at a polling station in northern ireland late wednesday after polls closed in elections for a new provincial assembly , election officials said .
mozambique 's former rebel renamo movement has won municipal elections in mozambique 's second largest city of beira , according to the country 's provincial elections commission .
the german low-cost airline air berlin is in talks with aircraft makers airbus and boeing regarding a possible order for up to ## new aircraft , the group 's chairman joachim <unk> told the thursday edition of the financial times deutschland .
the philippines in january will host ## foreign ministers from east asia and latin america to boost cooperation between both regions , foreign secretary blas ople said thursday .
the european stability and growth pact , a strict set of budget rules underpinning the euro , has been `` seriously damaged '' by a decision by eu finance ministers this week not to punish germany and france for flouting the rules , bundesbank president ernst welteke said on thursday .
malaysian share prices fell #.## percent friday in quiet trading as many investors remained sidelined due to the eid al-fitr festival holidays , dealers said .
afghanistan 's ousted taliban are fighting a losing battle , former us first lady senator hillary rodham clinton said thursday during a brief visit to afghanistan to spend thanksgiving with troops hunting remnants of the hardline militia .
malaysian share prices fell #.## percent thursday in quiet trading as many investors remained sidelined due to the eid al-fitr festival holidays , dealers said .
european stocks perked up in early trading on thursday as dealers took their cue from a late recovery on wall street overnight , but activity was subdued with us markets closed for thanksgiving day holiday .
flag carrier cathay pacific thursday won the right to operate the high-profile london to new york route after three days of talks between the hong kong and british governments here , a report said .
thai prostitutes and academics on thursday told a public forum that they strongly opposed legalising the nation 's sex industry , arguing it would increase child exploitation and lure more women to the trade .
the thai stock market rose #.## percent thursday , boosted by buying interest in communications and property stocks in volatile trade , analysts said .
cathay pacific thursday won the right to operate the high-profile london to new york route , after three days of talks between the hong kong and british governments here , a report said .
alongside burgeoning confidence among business leaders and investors , consumers in germany are also now beginning to feel a bit more optimistic as christmas approaches , a new survey showed on thursday .
security is the biggest headache for the #### athens olympics , international olympic committee chief jacques rogge said here thursday .
sri lanka 's national carrier is to increase its flights to indian destinations from next month , taking advantage of a temporary open skies policy , the airline said thursday .
rubber futures in singapore finished weaker thursday on smaller volumes , dealers said .
eu economic affairs commissioner pedro solbes may take the row over the bloc 's tottering stability and growth pact to the european court of justice after eu ministers let france and germany off the hook for breaching deficit limits , the spanish daily expansion reported thursday .
sophie gustafson , the first woman to compete in a japanese men 's tour event here , shot a two-over-par ## to tie for ##th place in the first round of the casio open on thursday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon promised thursday to speed up the construction of the controversial west bank separation barrier , in spite of us opposition to the project .
more than ### people have drowned and hundreds more were reported missing after a boat accident on lake <unk> in western democratic republic of congo , a regional official said thursday .
british banking giant hsbc is donating one million dollars -lrb- ###,### euros -rrb- to the families of staff killed or injured in last week 's double suicide bombing in istanbul , the company said .
kevin keegan has confirmed that manchester city keeper david seaman will be fit to face groclin in their uefa cup clash in poland on thursday .
taiwan 's economy continued to gain momentum in october with economic indicators flashing a ` green light ' steady growth rate for a fourth consecutive month and perhaps signalling `` slight overheating , '' official data showed thursday .
hungarian prime minister peter medgyessy is to travel to russia friday for a two-day working visit during which he is to meet with president vladimir putin in saint petersburg , the kremlin announced .
the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- opened an asian forum on hiv\/aids in manila thursday with a call to those suffering from the disease to provide peer support to new victims .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon warned thursday that his government may take unilateral steps if palestinian premier ahmed qorei 's government failed to deliver on its commitments .
the son of israeli prime minister ariel sharon was to take part in a two-day seminar with a key adviser to palestinian authority president yasser arafat and other top officials , beginning on thursday in london , a pro-israel lobbying group said .
bosnia 's ethnically divided defense structure is `` schizophrenic '' and must be fixed quickly , outgoing nato secretary general george robertson said ahead of a visit to the war-torn balkan country .
growth of the eurozone money supply , which the european central bank views as a key indicator of future inflation , accelerated in october , setting alarm bells ringing at the ecb , data showed on thursday .
nine people , six of them islamic rebels , were killed in a day of bloodshed in indian kashmir , although a truce between the armies of india and pakistan across the kashmiri border was holding for a second day , police said thursday .
nigeria liquefied natural gas ltd -lrb- nlng -rrb- said thursday it has signed a deal with a subsidiary of anglo-dutch oil giant shell to sell #.# million tons of gas per year to end users .
cathay pacific airways on thursday won the right to operate the high-profile london to new york route after three days of talks between the hong kong and british governments .
china signed over ## million dollars in aid to cambodia on thursday to help rebuild a major highway and assist in the reconstruction of an economy devastated by years of civil war .
indian share prices rose #.## percent thursday on fresh buying by foreign and domestic mutual funds in technology and sensex heavyweight stocks , dealers said .
police arrested a ##-year-old man under britain 's terrorism act on thursday , then sealed off the neighborhood in which he lived to begin a thorough search of his house .
the european union 's stability and growth pact underpinning europe 's single currency is not dead , french finance minister francis mer insisted thursday two days after france and germany flouted its strict public deficit rules .
the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- said thursday it will lend ## million dollars to vietnam for a water infrastructure project in the south .
the european union opened human rights talks with china thursday , with torture , the death penalty and political prisoners on the agenda amid claims that the dialogue has ben network said eu delegates would present beijing with a list of approximately ## chinese , tibetan and uighur political prisoners it wants information on .
nepalese industry expressed concern thursday for its famed but struggling pashmina trade after neighbouring india imposed a duty of ## percent on its unfinished shawls .
french smokers and tobacconists angry over government price hikes for cigarettes got a small reprieve thursday after the senate amended a bill to halve an increase scheduled for january # .
public prosecutors here said thursday they were investigating top executives of westlb in connection with the state-owned bank 's financing of <unk> , the british television rental company , formerly known as radio rentals .
the rector of a moscow university where a fire killed ## students in a dormitory resigned on thursday , the itar-tass news agency said .
formula one world champion michael schumacher is reportedly ready to pay ## million swiss francs -lrb- ## million euros , ## million dollars -rrb- for a lakeside mansion complete with an underground garage for ## cars .
french manufacturers are becoming increasingly optimistic about business prospects in the country and their level of confidence is now at its highest since mid-#### , the statistics institue insee reported thursday .
the religious head of iraq 's shiite muslim majority , grand ayatollah ali sistani , wants full elections for all iraqi administrative and political bodies to be formed in the future , jalal talabani , chairman of the us-appointed governing council , said thursday .
nato secretary general george robertson urged bosnia to fix its `` schizophrenic '' military thursday as he made his last visit to the war-torn country as head of the euro-atlantic alliance .
cambodia 's king norodom sihanouk on thursday summoned the country 's three political parties to a palace meeting after four months of wrangling have failed to produce a working government , officials said .
struggling russian giants spartak moscow have decided to go abroad for the first time by making italian nevio scala their new coach .
the religious head of iraq 's shiite muslim majority , grand ayatollah ali sistani , wants full elections for all iraqi administrative and political bodies to be formed in the future , jalal talabani , chairman of the us-appointed governing council said thursday .
england opener mark butcher warmed up for next week 's test series against sri lanka with an unbeaten century in a tour match at the colombo cricket club ground here on thursday .
the european union 's stability and growth pact underpinning europe 's single currency is not dead , french finance minister francis mer insisted thursday two days after france and germany flouted its strict public deficit rules .
the british embassy in the bulgarian capital was closed for several hours thursday while iron bars and concrete blocks were installed to protect it from the kind of suicide car attack which destroyed part of the british consulate in istanbul last week .
a palestinian teenager who was shot by soldiers wednesday during an army operation near the southern west bank city of hebron died of his wounds , relatives and palestinian medical sources said .
thai airways international stock closed #.## percent lower thursday after ###.## million shares offered in a partial privatisation last week hit the market .
england captain martin johnson has ruled out leading the british and irish lions for a third time in new zealand in #### .
india vowed thursday to push the fragile peace process with pakistan forward as islamabad hailed a ceasefire between the rival armies across the rugged kashmiri borders as a `` good beginning '' .
indian share prices rose #.## percent thursday on fresh buying by foreign and domestic mutual funds in technology and other sensex heavyweight stocks , dealers said .
ayatollah <unk> <unk> , who as head of iran 's first revolutionary tribunals after the #### birth of the islamic republic sent dozens if not hundreds of people to the gallows , died thursday at the age of ## , state tv said .
a ##-year-old turkish girl was been formally expelled from a state school in eastern france on thursday because of her refusal to take off her islamic headscarf , a representative for her family said .
nine more suspects linked to the istanbul suicide attacks were sent thursday to the state security court , bringing to ## the number of people detained and interrogated over the four bombings , cnn turk television reported .
federal lawyers <unk> the court to make him testify in person at the trial or to allow transcripts of his questioning to be used as evidence .
oil prices barely budged in early trading here on thursday with most traders taking a breather because of thanksgiving day holiday in the united states .
england soccer captain and fashion icon david beckham collected an obe from queen elizabeth at buckingham palace on thursday .
sri lanka 's top tamil tiger leader velupillai prabhakaran thursday said his plan for an interim self-governing authority in the country 's embattled north and east was not a stepping stone for a separate state .
world championship ice dance bronze medallists albena denkova and maxim <unk> , '' spokesman constantinos <unk> said .
la fenice , venice 's venerable ##th century opera house , is due to reopen next month after a prolonged rebuilding program following a fire which gutted the building nearly eight years ago .
world bronze medallists albena denkova and maxim staviski of bulgaria led the ice dance after the compulsory dance event thursday as the nhk trophy figure skating tournament opened here .
eu external relations commissioner chris patten on thursday questioned whether the international community was presented with the `` unvarnished truth '' before the us-led invasion of iraq .
amnesty international said thursday it had `` compelling evidence '' the sudanese government was mainly to blame for the violence devastating western sudan and warned the trouble could turn into a new civil war .
turkish soccer fans were urged thursday to inundate european football 's governing body with phone calls , e-mails and faxes in protest at the decision to move three european cup ties out of the country .
swedish insurance group skandia , already mired in controversy amid allegations of greed and mismanagement , was in hot water again thursday following press reports that it paid ## executives bonuses totalling three billion kronor -lrb- about ### million dollars , ### million euros -rrb- .
lithuanian president rolandas paksas was facing an increasing threat of impeachment on thursday , as a parliamentary committee finalized its report into his office 's alleged links to the mafia .
the european commission welcomed thursday proposals by the italian eu presidency to reduce member states ' right of veto in joint foreign policy , in talks on a future ein talks on the convention , away from a `` community '' -- or federal -- view and towards leaving key powers with national governments .
pope john paul ii met the exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama at the vatican on wednesday for talks which focused exclusively on religion and did not broach tibet 's struggle for independence from china , the vatican said .
doctors will see british prime minister tony blair again thursday after his second medical scare in as many months , a downing street spokesman said .
a swedish football star was arrested after attacking a journalist in a stockholm nightclub in the early hours of thursday , police said , refusing to disclose the player 's identity .
scientists in the united states say they have devised a new class of plastics that can be recycled at room temperature and reshaped at standard <unk> , it would be a major step towards easing the problem of dumped plastic , a substance that can take decades to <unk> , the authors hope .
world bronze medallists maria petrova and alexei tikhonov led the pairs competition at the nhk trophy figure skating event thursday despite a mishap that forced them to grind to a halt midway through a program .
south africa 's ##-year-old full-back jaco van der westhuyzen has signed for martin johnson 's english premiership side leicester tigers .
the worldwide red cross federation on thursday launched its first ever fund to treat tens of thousands of staff and volunteers in red cross and red crescent societies worldwide who have aids , saying that too many deaths among its own people were hampering its ability to help others .
the religious head of iraq 's shiite muslim majority , grand ayatollah ali sistani , wants immediate elections for all iraqi political and administrative bodies , jalal talabani , chairman of the us-appointed governing council , said thursday .
switzerland 's postal service said thursday it would boost its help for father christmas to reply to the thousands of letters he receives around this time of the year from children asking for presents .
brazilian midfielder edu has backed arsenal team-mate thierry henry 's nomination for world player of the year .
nigeria has set up a <unk> out of the country via the victim 's account .
real madrid , through to the second phase of the champions league and top of the spanish table , will be without french star zinedine zidane for saturday 's trip to osasuna while england star david beckham is recovering from a twisted ankle , the club said thursday .
danish unemployment hit a five-year high in october of #.# percent of the workforce after #.# percent in september , the national statistics institute reported thursday .
three people were killed and ## were listed as missing after fallen rocks <unk> a freight train heading to the capital kinshasa from the western town of matadi , transport authorities said thursday .
eight people starved to death in the southern angolan region of benguela after torrential rains destroyed crops , the jornal de angola daily said thursday .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon said thursday that some jewish settlement outposts in the west bank were of essential strategic value , hinting that israel had no intention of removing them .
the rumors currently circulating of a big merger in the german banking sector are `` absurd '' , deutsche bank supervisory board chief and head of the bdb banking federation , rolf breuer , said on thursday .
georgia 's parliament on thursday unanimously confirmed leading opposition figure zurab zhvania as minister of state , the second highest post in the government .
croatian serbs said thursday they would not accept a ministry in the new government being formed by the nationalist croatian democratic union -lrb- hdz -rrb- .
slovenia 's industrial production increased by #.# percent in october from the september figure , while growing #.# percent over the twelve month period , slovenia 's statistical office said on thursday .
mass weddings for ### couples were held thursday in this holy shiite city as a form of assistance to sons and daughters of those killed by the regime of toppled president saddam hussein , officials said .
israel stuck to its tough line on settlement outposts <unk> outposts were something `` to be discussed with the united states and not with the palestinians .
georgia 's parliament on thursday unanimously confirmed leading opposition figure zurab zhvania as minister of state , the second highest post in the government , consolidating the opposition 's hold over the tumultuous caucasus state .
sri lanka 's top tamil rebel leader said thursday his blueprint for peace was not a stepping stone to a separate state , but threatened secession if the government continued to deny rights to the tamil people .
a judge in northern tajikistan has been arrested for allegedly extorting a ##,###-dollar -lrb- #,###-euro -rrb- bribe from a witness he threatened to prosecute for perjury , court sources said thursday .
south africa 's rugby board has <unk> a week 's reprieve to springbok coach rudolf straeuli for his controversial training methods which included nude workouts before the world cup .
former leaders from latin america gathered in this southwestern french town thursday to warn that their region risked becoming ungovernable because of increasing problems linked to the drug trade and corruption .
the giant german metalworkers ' union ig metall , whose pay talks are traditionally used as a yardstick for other industrial sectors around the country , said thursday it will call for four-percent wage increases for the #.# million employees in its sector next year .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi thursday had to postpone a trip to india suffering from a slight stomach bug , an official statement said .
mozambique 's former rebel renamo movement has won municipal elections in the key port city of beira , in the center of the country , according to the country 's provincial elections commission .
the ## countries due to join the european union on may # next year began testing thousands of candidates on thursday for jobs as translators and secretaries .
catalan and basque establishments have bagged the gastronomic honors in the #### michelin guide to spain and portugal , maintaining all four three-star accolades in the new edition released thursday .
the rumors currently circulating of a big merger in the german banking sector are `` absurd '' , deutsche bank supervisory board chief and head of the bdb banking federation , rolf breuer , said on thursday .
india vowed thursday to strengthen a fragile peace process with pakistan as islamabad hailed a ceasefire between the rival armies across the kashmiri borders as a `` good beginning .
georgia 's parliament on thursday unanimously confirmed leading opposition figure zurab zhvania as minister of state , the second highest post in the government , consolidating the opposition 's hold over the tumultuous caucasus state .
bulgarian president <unk> parvanov visited the vatican on thursday to formally thank pope john paul ii for absolving his country of involvement in the #### attempt to assassinate him .
eu foreign ministers gather in naples friday for a two-day `` conclave '' aimed at hammering out key remaining sticking points on the bloc 's first-ever constitution , barely two weeks before a brussels summit meant to finalize the historic text .
a ##-year-old man arrested thursday in the west of england under britain 's terrorism act is suspected of links with osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network , home secretary david blunkett said .
a helsinki court judge , who often rules in drunk driving cases , landed on the other side of the bench on thursday when she was charged with intoxication on the job , officals said .
a german man who planted bombs in telephone booths , injuring several people , was sentenced to ## years jail on thursday for attempted murder and extortion .
ivorian president laurent gbagbo plans to address the nation thursday evening following recent meetings with regional leaders aimed at resolving the ##-month crisis crippling the world 's top cocoa producer .
a bumper harvest of baby eels is forecast in the river loire , pleasing environmentalists who have struggled to clean the waters of the estuary and fishermen who charge around ### euros -lrb- ### dollars -rrb- a kilo for the gastronomic delicacy .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon warned palestinians on thursday that israel 's patience had `` limits '' and that he would not hesitate to take `` unilateral measures '' to protect state security .
the european commission announced thursday the introduction of an eu pet passport from next year required for domestic animals to travel between most countries in the european union .
taiwan 's parliament thursday passed a controversial bill allowing referendums on constitutional amendments , despite warnings from china not to do so .
the main ethnic serb political party in croatia said on thursday it would not accept a ministry in an incoming government led by nationalists .
members of an international weapons convention were ready to agree on thursday that countries should clear up unexploded arms left behind by war in the territories they control , the united nations said .
telecom italia said thursday it had agreed a partnership with samsung corp to develop services and products using wi-fi technology especially aimed at the italian , french , german and dutch markets .
eu industry ministers voted thursday in favor of harmonising rules on takeovers , going against the recommendation of the european commission , an eu source said .
taiwan 's parliament thursday passed a controversial bill allowing referendums on constitutional amendments , despite warnings from china not to do so .
the italian government thursday went back on a decision to construct italy 's first nuclear waste repository in a town in the extreme south of the country , after massive local protests .
france on thursday welcomed the establishment of a contact group on iraq set up by un chief kofi annan , saying it would go to `` reinforcing cooperation between partners '' on the strife-torn country under us occupation .
a latvian university student returned home to the baltic state on thursday , telling of a three-month detention by us troops in iraq on suspicion of being one of the `` foreign fighters '' accused of carrying out deadly attacks on coalition forces .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei announced thursday that his cabinet director would meet next week with the chief of staff of his israeli counterpart ariel sharon .
the british embassy in the bulgarian capital was closed thursday morning while iron bars and concrete blocks were installed to protect it from the kind of suicide car attack that destroyed part of the british consulate in istanbul last week .
official syrian radio denounced thursday the geneva initiative for peace in the middle east , describing it as an israeli `` maneuver '' that would not end the conflict in the region .
thousands of students demonstrated across france thursday against proposed tertiary education reforms that would change degree standards and the way universities are run .
the communist party , russia 's largest opposition party , quit an elections monitoring group on thursday and accused president vladimir putin of turning the campaign ahead of the december # parliamentary vote into a `` farce .
five egyptian pilgrims were killed and ## others wounded when their bus overturned in southern jordan en route back from a visit to holy sites in saudi arabia on thursday , state media reported here .
british foreign secretary jack straw rejected as `` complete nonsense '' thursday suggestions that the recent rise in terrorist attacks was linked to the presence of british and american troops in iraq .
the international red cross and european football 's governing body uefa have teamed up for a campaign to protect children in war which will be spearheaded by international referee pierluigi collina .
russian prosecutors thursday launched another raid against the oil giant yukos while a case against one of its fallen billionaire shareholders was sent to court in a further blow to the floundering company .
austrian chancellor wolfgang schuessel called here thursday for the european commission to draw up proposals for a `` new '' eurozone stability pact by next month .
the european court of human rights on thursday criticised france for tying an elderly inmate awaiting surgery to his hospital bed with a chain , saying such treatment was inhumane and degrading .
thousands of students in berlin protested against severe government budget cuts to city universities thursday , one of many demonstrations in germany over educational belt-tightening .
vijay singh of fiji and american kenny perry birdied the ##th to tie for the lead after the first round of the sun city challenge in south africa thursday .
the council of europe will resume talks next week on a lapsed ultimatum it issued to turkey to pay long-delayed compensation for depriving a greek cypriot woman of her property , a council spokesman said thursday .
european stock markets closed mixed thursday , with the london ftse ### index shedding #.## percent to #,###.# points .
the communist party , russia 's largest opposition party , quit an elections monitoring group on thursday and accused president vladimir putin of turning the campaign ahead of the december # parliamentary vote into a `` farce .
sinn fein president gerry adams , perhaps northern ireland 's best known political figure , retained his seat in the northern ireland assembly on thursday as vote counting continued .
england world cup winning flanker richard hill will go straight back into action on sunday when he plays for saracens against rotherham .
taiwan 's ruling democratic progressive party -lrb- dpp -rrb- angrily rejected as illegal a bill that for the first time allows referenda on the island , shortly after it was passed by parliament thursday .
taiwan 's ruling democratic progressive party -lrb- dpp -rrb- angrily rejected as illegal a bill that for the first time allows referenda on the island , shortly after it was passed by parliament thursday .
french customs officers this week seized five tonnes of cigarettes being smuggled from spain to britain aboard a truck pulled over for a roadside inspection , officials said thursday .
us president george w. bush went on a surprise visit to iraq on thursday to see us troops there , us media reports said .
england coach sven-goran eriksson was on thursday offered a four-year extension to his contract which would keep him in charge until #### .
while the political deadlock gripping northern ireland 's legislature is frustrating for locals , members of the assembly will have their woes assuaged by being paid large sums for doing nothing .
the european court of human rights on thursday condemned poland for the illegal detention of two libyan nationals who were held for more than a month in a transit zone at warsaw airport .
us president george w. bush went on a secret visit to iraq on thursday to see us troops there , us media reported .
the council of europe agreed thursday to boost next year 's budget for the european court of human rights by nearly ## percent compared to #### to ##.# million euros .
british prime minister tony blair and his irish counterpart bertie ahern will meet in wales on friday to review this week 's northern ireland election , downing street said thursday .
manchester city crashed out of the uefa cup here on thursday when they were held to a #-# draw by polish outsiders groclin in the second leg of their second round clash .
the un war crimes tribunal for rwanda was asked thursday to summon rwandan president paul kagame to testify on the assassination of his predecessor juvenal habyarimana , the event that precipitated the genocide of #### .
a swedish high school student out for a stroll in the woods with his mother earlier this year found a <unk> , cleopatra 's gem of choice that is rarely found in northern europe , the boy 's mum told afp on thursday .
heavy fog late thursday forced the cancellation of dozens of flights at paris 's charles de gaulle airport and caused up to one hour delays for virtually all remaining take-offs and landings , airport officials said .
the dollar celebrated thursday 's thanksgiving day holiday in the united states with gains against the euro and yen , although dollar sentiment remained negative , analysts said .
us president george w. bush made a thanksgiving visit to under fire troops in baghdad on thursday under the greatest secrecy .
namibian agricultural authorities announced thursday the suspension of beef and mutton exports to the european union after veterinarians found `` shortcomings '' during an inspection of abattoirs last week .
nato secretary general george robertson on thursday urged bosnia to fix its `` schizophrenic '' military and arrest war crimes fugitives as he made his last visit here as head of the euro-atlantic alliance .
the world 's number one golfer tiger woods has proposed to his girlfriend , swedish model elin nordegren , at a picturesque south african game reserve , state television reported thursday .
liverpool goalkeeper jerzy dudek has revealed the english giants have a very special fan - pope john paul ii .
ireland 's prime minister bertie ahern said thursday he expected progress to be made during his country 's presidency of the european union next year on a border treaty between eu member-to-be latvia and its neighbor russia .
us president george w. bush braved the threat from ground-to-air missiles over baghdad on thursday to fly in to eat a thanksgiving dinner with troops on a visit organized under the greatest secrecy .
eu anti-fraud investigators said thursday they have found no proof that eu funds may have been channelled to the palestinian al-aqsa martyrs brigades militant group .
european stock markets closed mixed thursday in thin , directionless trade due to the thanksgiving day holiday in the united states .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld and secretary of state colin powell will brief nato counterparts on a planned overhaul of its troop levels worldwide in brussels next week , a senior official said thursday .
michael jackson 's new single , the <unk> `` one more chance '' , was at number five in the british charts thursday despite child molestation charges against the troubled pop star .
david trimble , the nobel peace laureate who led the northern ireland power-sharing assembly until it was suspended last year , was re-elected thursday to the province 's legislature .
galatasary 's champions league clash against juventus , which was postponed because of the recent terror attacks in turkey , will now be played at borussia dortmund 's <unk> in germany on tuesday , december # , uefa announced on thursday .
secretary of state colin powell welcomed a new middle east peace plan to be unveiled in geneva monday but maintained washington 's tough stance against palestinian leader yasser arafat , saying the united states does not find him to be a `` responsible partner for peace .
galatasary 's champions league clash against juventus , which was postponed because of the recent terror attacks in turkey , will now be played at borussia dortmund 's <unk> in germany on tuesday , december # , uefa announced on thursday .
israeli opposition leader and former prime minister shimon peres urged his country on thursday to make peace with the palestinians , calling for compromise and saying that `` violence will lead us nowhere .
liberia 's warring factions quit a disarmament meeting thursday over demands for posts in the transitional government aimed at returning peace to the west african state after two successive civil wars , the united nations said .
us president george w. bush braved the threat from ground-to-air missiles over baghdad on thursday to fly in to eat an emotional thanksgiving dinner with ### troops on a visit organized under the greatest secrecy .
security was stepped up thursday at the british and us embassies in sofia , although bulgarian officials said the moves were not related to any direct threats of `` terrorist '' attack .
the trial of a police officer accused of killing a french journalist in the ivorian economic capital abidjan is to open in early december , a local judicial source said thursday .
manchester city crashed out of the uefa cup here on thursday when they were held to a #-# draw by polish outsiders groclin in the second leg of their second round clash .
president george w. bush made a secret thanksgiving visit to iraq on thursday , defying the threat from ground-to-air missiles and vowing to astonished us troops that the coalition would prevail over insurgents .
a yemeni official denied thursday a kuwaiti press report that saddam hussein 's wife and her youngest daughter were in sanaa , but confirmed that the duo had been invited to take refuge in the country .
the un-backed war crimes court for sierra leone said thursday that child soldiers who fought in the decade-long civil war in the west african state will not be tried for crimes against humanity .
weeks in the planning , president george w. bush 's secret trip to iraq began wednesday night when he stole from his texas ranch under cover of darkness in an unmarked car .
germany 's oldest christmas market , the dresden <unk> , opened thursday in the eastern city for the ###th time .
ivory coast president laurent gbagbo is due to travel to former colonial power france on december ## for high-level meetings , a source close to the ivorian presidency said thursday .
us president george w. bush braved the threat from anti-aircraft missiles over baghdad on thursday to fly in for an emotional thanksgiving dinner with ### troops on a visit organized under the greatest secrecy .
the following is the text of us president george w. bush 's speech to troops during a surprise visit to the baghdad airport .
tunisian doctors said on thursday they feared for the life of rights lawyer radia nasraoui , who has been on hunger strike for nearly two months to protest against police harassment .
heavyweight cypriot construction firm <unk> said thursday it was taking legal action against the cyprus government over its decision to negotiate with a british-led consortium to operate larnaca and paphos airports .
the czech government will ask president vaclav klaus to recall the country 's ambassador to kuwait for criticizing a decision to close down a czech military hospital in iraq , ct television said thursday .
heavy fog late forced the cancellation thursday of dozens of flights in and out of paris 's charles de gaulle airport and caused delays of up to one hour for virtually all other take-offs and landings , airport officials said .
us troops invited to thanksgiving dinner at the huge us military base at baghdad airport thursday were kept in suspense until the last minute about the secret visit by their commander-in-chief .
president george w. bush 's thursday two and a half hour visit to baghdad , the first by a us president , was one of the most secretive missions ever by a us leader .
turkish authorities charged two people thursday in connection with the istanbul suicide attacks , bringing to ## the number of people charged and held in custody , anatolia news agency reported .
haiti 's government is reportedly considering legal action against the us makers of a popular , but violent video-game that encourages users to kill haitians , haiti 's <unk> newspaper said thursday .
england world cup winner jonny wilkinson has been given two weeks off and wo n't return to action until december ## when his newcastle side take on spain 's valladolid in the european challenge .
christoph gruber led an austrian sweep of the top three in the men 's world cup downhill training run here on thursday .
an ontario judge on thursday halted the removal of a suspected terrorist , with alleged links to the al-qaeda terror network , to syria , according to the detainee 's legal team .
former german international lothar matthaeus brushed aside his partizan belgrade team 's exit from the champions league by getting married , the daily politika reported in its friday issue .
british police on thursday busted a colombian drug cartel that smuggled drugs worth some ### million pounds -lrb- ### million euros , #.# billion dollars -rrb- into britain over a four-year period , and arrested ## suspects , police said .
newcastle ensured their uefa cup story was far from finished with a #-# second leg second round win over swiss side basel here on thursday .
hearts saw their hopes of making the third round of the uefa cup shattered here on thursday when bordeaux staged a smash-and-grab raid and went back to france with a #-# win .
christoph gruber led an austrian sweep of the top three in the men 's world cup downhill training run here on thursday .
in an unprecedented move , french foreign minister dominique de villepin late on thursday addressed hundreds of french diplomats about their first ever planned strike in protest at cost-cutting .
a fresh injury scare for michael owen marred liverpool 's advance to the third round of the uefa cup here on thursday .
australia 's embattled labor opposition leader simon crean announced his resignation friday after support for his leadership collapsed mid deep despair in the party over its prospects of winning an election due next year .
share prices in tokyo opened lower friday with the nikkei-### index losing ##.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
supporters of rival left and right parties disputing el salvador 's upcoming presidential election clashed thursday leaving nine people injured , a party official said .
four people were killed and six others were wounded when armed men attacked a matchmaking ceremony in the southern philippine island of mindanao , the military said friday .
a bird believed to have been believed extinct for over a century has been found alive and warbling in fiji , a bird group said here friday .
osasuna have a habit of making life uncomfortable for the big guns of spanish football and they are looking to add real madrid to their list of scalps on saturday .
england world cup winning flanker richard hill will go straight back into action on sunday when he plays for saracens against rotherham but <unk> jonny wilkinson has been handed a two-week rest .
president george w. bush vowed to us troops in iraq that the coalition would prevail over insurgents in a thanksgiving visit to the country during a top secret mission that defied threats from ground-to-air missiles .
british police were questioning an al-qaeda suspect friday , reportedly on links to `` shoe-bomber '' richard reid , after explosives were found in his west england home .
some ## nobel peace prize laureates , including mikhail gorbachev and the dalai lama , are due friday to attend the fourth nobel prize summit for three days of debate on the problems in today 's world .
the appointment of a new leader has boosted britain 's main opposition conservatives who have taken a lead in an opinion poll , according to a survey released on friday .
five people led by a suspected senior al-qaeda operative were arrested late thursday by italian anti-terror police on suspicion of having recruited suicide attackers for strikes in iraq , the milan prosecutors office said .
us president george w. bush was headed back to the united states after braving the threat of missiles over baghdad to join ### troops for an emotional thanksgiving dinner in iraq , in a trip arranged under strict secrecy .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on friday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared to the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
hong kong share prices were #.## percent higher in opening trade friday on selective bargain hunting , dealers said .
nicaragua 's supreme court on thursday brushed off us concerns about the release from prison here of former president arnoldo aleman after washington had said the release appeared to be politically motivated .
australian olympic champion and world record holder grant hackett withdrew from the first day of the world cup shortcourse meet here friday after collapsing at a preliminary event earlier this week .
south korea industrial output picked up further in october to beat expectations as continued strong exports more than offset slow domestic consumption and investment , the government said friday .
nestle korea and its union on friday reached an accord on ending a prolonged strike , <unk> papering over differences on key issues including lay-offs and payment for striking workers .
a us soldier died from a gunshot wound he received while in barracks in the flashpoint western iraqi town of ramadi , the coalition press office said late thursday .
the asian development bank has approved a ### million dollar loan to ease road traffic in the ancient chinese capital of xi'an , an adb statement said friday .
japanese share prices fell #.## percent friday morning on news that japan 's jobless rate worsened in october and industrial output showed a <unk> gain , dealers said .
vietnam will issue next month durable , polymer banknotes made in australia in a bid to make life harder for counterfeiters , state media announced friday .
chinese automaker , great wall motor , will use ### million yuan -lrb- ### million dollars of the proceeds from a public listing in hong kong to build a new production plant in central china , chairman wei jianjun said friday .
the new national party led by prime minister keith mitchell was narrowly returned to power in elections thursday in the english-speaking caribbean island of grenada .
australia will spend an extra ## million dollars -lrb- ##.# million us -rrb- upgrading security at ### embassies worldwide to safeguard against terrorist attacks , foreign minister alexander downer said friday .
swedish superstar annika sorenstam continues her historic season saturday when she becomes the first woman to compete in the skins game .
lleyton hewitt put australia one-up in the davis cup tennis final with a come-from-behind five-set win over spanish number one juan carlos ferrero at melbourne park here on friday .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on friday as investors continued on the defense amid political uncertainties ahead of the presidential elections in may , dealers said .
china 's state-media said friday the passage of a `` watered down '' bill on referendums in taiwan was a `` great defeat '' for the island 's president , chen shui-bian , while analysts said a pending crisis had been postponed .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher in morning trade on friday buoyed by investor optimism ahead of the release of anticipated strong third quarter gdp data later in the day , dealers said .
british police were questioning an al-qaeda suspect friday , reportedly on links to `` shoe-bomber '' richard reid , after explosives were found in his west england home .
a chinese couple have been sentenced to death for the murder of ## women who had been lured with offers of jobs , the state-run xinhua news agency reported friday .
indonesia 's military said friday it has killed two more separatist rebels in aceh province , including a man described as a guerrilla intelligence agent .
the australian stock market closed flat friday as investors were reluctant to take any positions after us markets were closed overnight for the thanksgiving holiday , dealers said .
a small town has banned children from sitting on santa 's knee because organisers fear liability if anything goes wrong , organisers said friday .
a small town has banned children from sitting on santa 's knee because organisers fear liability if anything goes wrong , organisers said friday .
philippine share prices closed #.## percent lower on friday as investors continued on the defensive amid political uncertainties ahead of the presidential elections in may , dealers said .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher friday on a technical rebound after some of the <unk> surrounding taiwan 's referendum bill were removed , dealers said .
south korea 's appeal court friday upheld the conviction of a former aide to ex-president kim dae-jung for a secret ### million dollar payment to entice north korea to a historic summit .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , recovering after disappointing results from top retailer the warehouse , dealers said .
taiwan 's leading conglomerate formosa plastics group is planning to invest #.## trillion dollars -lrb- ##.## billion us -rrb- to develop an industrial complex in the island 's north , a government official said friday .
the australian stock market closed flat friday as investors were reluctant to take any positions after us markets were closed overnight for the thanksgiving holiday , dealers said .
south korea 's appeal court friday upheld the conviction of a former aide to ex-president kim dae-jung for a secret ### million dollar payment to entice north korea to a historic summit .
south korean share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , with sentiment boosted by positive industrial output data for october in the absence of any lead from wall street , dealers said .
two militants were gunned down by security forces friday as they tried to cross from the pakistani zone of kashmir to the indian side , police said .
volkswagen ag said friday it is planning to export ### units of its polo model made at its joint venture in shanghai to australia to gauge international reaction to chinese-made cars .
a man sent to a hospital here after slashing his own throat during a hostage incident opened fire with a pistol snatched from a policeman , wounding two , local media reported friday .
taiwan share prices closed #.## percent higher friday on a technical rebound after some of the <unk> surrounding taiwan 's plans to hold a referendum on key issues were removed , dealers said .
prince abdullah bin abdul aziz , the heir to the throne of saudi arabia , on thursday called us president george w. bush for a telephone conversation on the situation in iraq , the official saudi news agency spa said .
a senior hong kong police officer has been found guilty of misconduct in public office after accepting free sexual services from prostitutes , a court official said friday .
lawyers for an australian man accused of murdering a british tourist in #### said he was innocent friday but claimed media vilification risked preventing a fair trial .
prime minister helen clark said friday she would rally support for commonwealth secretary-general don mckinnon when he seeks a second term at next month 's summit meeting .
apia , nov ## - samoa will send ## police officers to liberia to serve as united nations peacekeepers there , acting commissioner of police <unk> <unk> <unk> said thursday .
us president george w. bush was headed back to the united states friday after braving the threat of missiles over baghdad to join ### troops for an emotional thanksgiving dinner in iraq , in a trip arranged under strict secrecy .
three-time former world champions italy defeated the united states as they posted their eighth win against one loss in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on friday .
standard and poor 's on friday upgraded the credit ratings of hynix semiconductor with the ailing south korean company 's non-memory unit reportedly being sold to us banking giant citigroup .
east timorese government officials are not above the law , president xanana gusmao reminded them during a speech marking the young country 's short-lived independence declaration ## years ago .
south korean share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , with sentiment boosted by positive industrial output data in the absence of any leads from wall street , dealers said .
chinese share prices closed #.## percent higher friday on bargain-hunting after sharp falls the day before , but trading was rangebound as many investors stayed on the sidelines ahead of the weekend , dealers said .
england striker michael owen had a thigh scan friday to see if he could play in sunday 's premiership game against birmingham .
wallabies hooker brendan cannon received some consolation for australia 's narrow rugby world cup loss to england when he was awarded the rugby medal for excellence by his peers friday .
two miners were killed after a tunnel collapsed , trapping them inside a tin mine in vietnam 's central province of nghe an , police said friday .
veteran springbok winger breyton paulse has taken a swipe at the controversial `` boot camp '' the national team were put through before the rugby world cup , saying at one stage he nearly cracked up .
vladivostok , <unk> by the tigers : the vast primorye region , where around ### are believed to survive .
the unemployment rate in france was stable in october compared to september at #.# percent of the work force , the labor ministry reported friday .
at least ## people were feared drowned after a boat with at least ## passengers on board collided head-on with a steamer in the eastern indian state of bihar , police said friday .
italian consumer prices rose #.# percent in november from october and were up #.# percent from november #### , the national statistics institute istat reported here friday .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher friday as investors snapped up blue chips across the board amid optimism over third quarter gdp figures to be announced after the market close , dealers said .
south korean industrial output rose more than expected in october , official data showed friday in further evidence the country 's economy is headed for a recovery .
hong kong 's economy recorded strong growth of #.# percent in the third quarter from a year earlier due to a revival in consumer confidence and a surge in tourist arrivals following sars , official data showed friday .
cathay pacific shares were higher friday on news that the carrier had won the right to operate the high-profile <unk> york route after days of talks between the hong kong and british governments .
indian cricket captain sourav ganguly friday rejected claims he backed out of a deal with victorian state coach david hookes before the tourists ' opening clash in melbourne .
budapest , nov ## -lrb- af -rrb- - hungary 's central bank on friday raised the benchmark interest rate by ### basis points , from #.# percent to ##.# percent , the central bank 's monetary council said .
sri lanka president 's party friday said it was still studying a tamil rebel warning of separation unless majority sinhalese politicians ended their bitter power struggle and revived a norwegian-backed peace bid .
hungary 's central bank on friday raised the benchmark interest rate by ### basis points , from #.# percent to ##.# percent , the central bank 's monetary council said .
russian president vladimir putin will meet his armenian counterpart robert kocharian in russia 's second city of saint petersburg on sunday , the kremlin announced .
china 's state-media on friday called the passage of a `` watered down '' bill on referendums in rival taiwan a `` great defeat '' for the island 's president , chen shui-bian , while analysts said a pending crisis had been postponed .
pakistan 's president pervez musharraf spoke to us president george w. bush by phone and told a visiting us lawmakers delegation that recent peace moves would lead to a dialogue with india , an official statement said friday .
a kenyan high court judge on friday ordered the release of two suspects charged with murder over last november 's bombing of an israeli-owned hotel in mombasa , a year to the day after the attack which killed ## people .
hungary 's central bank on friday raised the benchmark interest rate by ### basis points , from #.# percent to ##.# percent , the central bank 's monetary council said in a communique .
bulgarian duo albena denkova and maxim staviski , the world bronze medallists , kept their lead at the nhk trophy figure-skating tournament here friday despite losing out to rivals in the original dance section .
the european union and seven other countries have agreed to delay the adoption of a wto ruling against us steel tariffs , in a possible sign that washington is preparing to drop the measures and avoid retaliatory sanctions , officials indicated on friday .
china said friday it was `` gravely concerned '' about a referendum bill passed by the taiwan legislature which could potentially pave the way for a plebiscite on the island 's relation to the mainland .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher friday as investors snapped up blue chips across the board amid optimism over third quarter gdp figures to be announced after the market close , dealers said .
an irish soldier serving with the un peacekeeping force in the west african state of liberia has been killed in a traffic accident , the irish government said on friday .
finland 's <unk> <unk> won the women 's ##km world cup nordic skiing race here on friday .
the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- is aiming to have a worldwide doping policy in place before the champions ' trophy tournament in england next september , icc chief executive malcolm speed said here friday .
the ruling social democrats of gibraltar 's chief minister peter caruana won a third successive term in general elections in the tiny british colony , official results showed friday .
malaysian share prices rose #.## percent friday as investor interest centered on second board stocks and speculative issues , dealers said .
the euro climbed to a new all-time high against the dollar on friday , reaching #.#### dollars .
china said friday it was `` gravely concerned '' about a referendum bill passed by the taiwan legislature which could potentially pave the way for a plebiscite on the island 's relation to the mainland .
malaysian share prices rose #.## percent friday as investor interest centered on second board stocks and speculative issues , dealers said .
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo has set up a panel to seek a solution to the problems of the oil-rich niger delta region , which is plagued by piracy and ethnic violence .
the <unk> cricket scandal in india took a dramatic twist on friday when a civil court allowed the suspended abhijit kale to resume his playing career .
european stock markets were mostly lower in early trading on friday in the absence of any lead from wall street because of thanksgiving day holiday .
the european commission filed a lawsuit before the european court of justice this week for failing to take back state aid granted to the embattled computer firm bull , the court said friday .
australian stocks are expected to gain ground next week as the market rides the coat tails of a pre-christmas rally on wall street , dealers said friday .
the completion of a merger between russian oil giant yukos and its smaller rival sibneft , expected to have been reached friday , has been suspended , the two companies announced .
south korea 's stock market is likely to be mixed in the week ahead , as sentiment boosted by expectations for an economic recovery is under pressure from ailing credit card firms , analysts said friday .
the thai stock market rose #.## percent friday bolstered by buying in bluechips in the energy and petrochemical sectors , analysts said .
the first ever set of guidelines for specifically diagnosing and treating glaucoma in asians has been developed , a leading eye doctor said friday , in a move medics hope will prevent millions being blinded by the debilitating eye disease .
us president george w. bush was back in the united states early friday after braving the threat of missiles over baghdad to join ### troops for an emotional thanksgiving dinner in iraq , in a trip arranged under strict secrecy .
the euro climbed to a new all-time high against the dollar on friday as concerns about the large us current account deficit returned to haunt the us unit .
european ### metres champion dwain chambers is unlikely to take up the offer of a plea bargain in order to escape a doping ban .
china said friday it was `` gravely concerned '' about a referendum bill passed by arch rival taiwan , and <unk> of die-hard separatist members may still take advantage of the legal mechanism to provoke the mainland and trigger tension in bilateral relations , '' liu <unk> , director of the taiwan research institute at xiamen university , was quoted as saying .
australian paceman andy bichel warmed up friday for next week 's first test against india in brisbane with a four-wicket sheffield shield haul for queensland against south australia .
taiwan shares are expected to undergo rangebound consolidation next week as foreign institutional investors take to the sidelines ahead of the christmas holidays , dealers said friday .
taiwan 's president chen shui-bian said friday the passage of a referendum bill allowing votes on controversial issues was a `` historic '' result of his party 's push for democracy .
police searched a second address friday in gloucester , in the west of england , a day after they arrested a ##-year-old man with suspected links to osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network .
us oil major conocophillips said friday output at a newly tapped oil field off the coast of vietnam was greater than had been anticipated after a month of operations .
a spokesman for russia 's yukos oil company suggested friday that it was sibneft that broke off the merger between the two companies planned to have been completed later in the day .
finland 's <unk> <unk> won the women 's ##km world cup nordic skiing race here on friday .
eu external affairs commissioner chris patten friday urged india to boost trade by lowering tariffs , saying indian consumers would benefit from competitive prices and greater choice .
german finance minister hans eichel called friday on the european commission to rethink its strategy on deficits , after a row over the suspension of eurozone deficit rules in favor of france and germany .
french rugby 's financial watchdog has refused to endorse wales world cup captain colin charvis ' move to second division tarbes .
gordon strachan said friday he would not be leaving southampton for leeds united .
german lawmakers friday approved the government 's proposed budget for #### , which foresees a deficit of nearly ## billion euros -lrb- ## billion dollars -rrb- , but it may be delayed by an opposition blockade .
pakistan 's president pervez musharraf spoke to former us president bill clinton by phone and told a visiting ust of the taliban , giving airspace , intelligence and air bases to us forces operating in afghanistan and rounding up over ### al-qaeda suspects .
the hilton group will open a hotel of the luxury conrad brand overlooking tokyo bay in #### , adding to competition among japanese and foreign hotel chains in the capital , a property developer said friday .
the consumer finance unit of french carmaker psa peugeot citroen has received permission from chinese banking authorities to set up shop in in beijing , the company said friday .
england head coach clive woodward denied friday he was to make a formal protest to the international rugby board over south african andre watson 's refereeing of last saturday 's world cup final against australia .
flamboyant batsman barney rogers will replace opener trevor gripper in the zimbabwe side to play west indies for the fourth of five one-day internationals at harare sports club saturday .
russian oil firm sibneft denied friday that it had unilaterally pulled out of a merger with its bigger rival yukos , insisting that major shareholders in both companies had approved the decision .
england head coach clive woodward denied friday he was to make a formal protest to the international rugby board over south african andre watson 's refereeing of last saturday 's world cup final against australia .
malaysian share prices may trade rangebound next week as investors return to the bourse after it fell #.## percent in the holiday shortened week just ended , analysts said friday .
england go into next week 's opening cricket test against sri lanka with their confidence high after gaining the upper hand in a drawn tour match here on friday .
- the european commission is preparing to ask electricite de france -lrb- edf -rrb- to repay ### million euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- received in tax breaks from the french state , a spokesman said friday .
britain will turn down any draft european union constitution that eliminates the power of a member state to veto eu foreign policy decisions , foreign secretary jack straw reiterated friday .
an alleged important member of osama bin laden 's al-qaeda network was arrested early friday in northern germany at the request of italian prosecutors , german police said .
italian prosecutors on friday confirmed they had issued arrest warrants for five suspected al-qaeda activists -- including an alleged kingpin who was reported to have been detained in germany -- but said they were taking legal action over leaks concerning the case .
unions calling for the first ever worldwide strike by french diplomats said friday that they expect a big turn-out on december # , with at least ## embassies and consulates closing for the day .
a french woman gave birth to a baby girl in a car traveling at ## miles per hour -lrb- ### kilometres per hour -rrb- as her husband raced to get her to hospital , a newspaper in brittany reported friday .
beijing authorities friday unveiled a hotline to help it stay alert about public health dangers such as aids and sars , as the chinese capital prepared a slew of activities to mark world aids day .
former us first lady senator hillary rodham clinton arrived in baghdad friday hot on the heels of a lightning stealth visit by us president george w. bush for a thanksgiving dinner with us troops , a senior coalition official said .
representatives of ## countries on friday adopted a protocol aimed at forcing governments to clear up unexploded weapons left behind after conflicts around the world , diplomats said .
mexico on friday was facing the possibility of a general strike after tens of thousands of disgruntled workers held a massive demonstration to reject president vicente fox 's proposed energy sector reforms .
the thai stock market is expected to gain further in the next week 's trading boosted by strong momentum from moody 's latest credit upgrading , analysts said friday .
negotiators from cambodia 's top three political parties who have been squabbling over forming a government for months met friday after being summoned to the palace by king norodom sihanouk .
the prime minister of the somalia transitional national government -lrb- tng -rrb- , osman jama ali , <unk> .
for the first time since #### , sweden 's centre-right opposition enjoys more public support than prime minister goeran persson 's social democrats and his left-wing allies , a poll published on friday showed .
the european commission is preparing to ask electricite de france -lrb- edf -rrb- to repay ### million euros -lrb- #.### billion dollars -rrb- received in tax breaks from the french state , a spokesman said friday .
japanese consumer electronics giant sony said friday it will launch its popular playstation# game console in china in a few weeks .
the economic and business climate in the eurozone and the european union as a whole warmed in november , pointing to an economic recovery in the fourth quarter , the european commission said friday .
germany 's first postwar leader looks poised to beat the likes of illustrious compatriots goethe , luther and einstein in a national poll concluding friday to find the greatest german in history .
two us and one afghan soldier were slightly wounded in a gun battle with militants in northeast afghanistan , a us military spokesman said friday .
asian bourses lacked direction friday after wall street was closed for a public holiday , although positive economic data in some markets sent their stocks higher .
elena liashenko of the ukraine overcame a tumble to grab the women 's lead at the nhk trophy figure skating tournament here on friday .
european and chinese delegates wrapped up talks on human rights friday , concluding the two-day dialogue with a visit to an aids treatment center in beijing , officials said .
trading sentiment in the indian markets will remain at fever pitch and will not be dampened by key state elections next week , dealers said friday .
the first people to fly around the world in a hot air balloon , bertrand piccard and brian jones , announced friday that they would try to repeat the non-stop journey with a solar-powered aircraft .
greece has not seen any fresh statistics for the last two months as #,### employees of greece 's state-run national statistics service -lrb- esye -rrb- continue their walkout , which began at the end of september .
two mainland chinese reptile experts friday kicked off their quest to capture hong kong 's runaway crocodile which has so far eluded the clutches of an aussie hunter and government officials .
breaking out the champagne did n't just make the danish branch chief of german budget supermarket chain aldi tipsy , it knocked him right out of his job , danish financial daily boersen reported friday .
over ###,### school teachers friday rang school bells as they marched to demand better wages and compensation for families of teachers killed by maoist rebels , their union said .
a bulgarian businessman and four accomplices were sentenced to life in prison friday for the #### murder of former prime minister andrei lukanov .
former us first lady senator hillary rodham clinton arrived in baghdad friday hot on the heels of a lightning stealth visit by us president george w. bush for a thanksgiving dinner with us troops , officials said .
ivorian president laurent gbagbo was due to arrive in the malian capital bamako on friday for talks with counterpart amadou toumani toure expected to focus on ivory coast 's ##-month crisis , whose economic repercussions have been felt by all its west african neighbors .
cambodia 's squabbling political parties agreed during a meeting called by king norodom sihanouk friday to push on with talks aimed at forming a government more than four months after national polls , a party leader said .
oil prices showed little movement in lethargic trading here on friday because of the closure of the new york market .
four people were killed in kashmir friday , three of them rebels shot dead along the de facto border with pakistan by indian troops , while the region 's army chief said a ceasefire between the rival militaries was holding .
italian and german police friday arrested three north africans as part of a massive anti-terrorism dragnet reportedly connected with terrorist attacks in iraq .
football star turned actor vinnie jones was charged by police friday over an alleged air rage incident while flying to tokyo in june .
us president george w. bush 's national security adviser denied friday that the secrecy and security surrounding his trip to baghdad showed that the united states has made no progress in iraq .
around #,### demonstrators are expected in the southern dutch town of maastricht sunday ahead of the osce ministerial meeting to protest against the us led war on terrorism , organisers said friday .
dna tests have confirmed that all-american hero and aviator charles lindbergh fathered three illegitimate children in germany , their spokesman said friday .
a famous chinese coal-mining town has started sinking because of <unk> of the black gold , affecting nearly ##,### residents whose houses are on increasingly shaky ground , state media said friday .
nato chief george robertson said friday he hopes shortfalls in resources needed to expand a nato-led force in afghanistan will be filled soon , but warned he may have to press governments over the issue at talks in brussels next week .
a total of ###,### chinese fishermen will lose their jobs over the next seven years as the government seeks to limit fish catches in order to preserve offshore fishery resources , state media said friday .
maria petrova and alexei tikhonov of russia overcame a bout of food poisoning and a torn costume to win the pairs crown at the nhk trophy figure skating event here on friday .
boca juniors clinched the argentine championship with a #-# away win over arsenal on thursday to add the domestic title to the south american libertadores cup they won earlier this year .
president george w. bush 's two-and-a-half-hour visit to baghdad thursday , the first by a us president , was one of the most secretive missions ever by a us leader .
tottenham have received a double dose of bad news after it emerged on friday that <unk> duo frederic kanoute and christian ziege have had their respective returns from injury put back .
germany 's newspapers launched a coordinated attack friday against a growing practice of politicians and industry chiefs to censor interviews , denouncing the habit as `` control mania .
interpol arrest warrants have been re-issued against seven maoist party leaders , a home ministry spokesman told afp friday .
spanish foreign minister ana palacio stuck to a hard line friday at talks on the eu 's first constitution , rejecting as `` unacceptable '' provisions that would dilute her country 's voting rights .
interpol arrest warrants have been re-issued against seven maoist party leaders , a home ministry spokesman told afp friday .
a us soldier was killed friday in a mortar attack on a base in the north of iraq as hundreds of iraqis marched through the center of baghdad to protest against the violence plaguing the country 's reconstruction .
at least ## people were killed and ## injured when their bus crashed into a ditch in northwest pakistan , an official said on friday .
aston villa 's marcus allback is backing strike partner darius vassell to finally open his premiership account for this season with a goal in saturday 's home clash with southampton .
tottenham have received a double dose of bad news after it emerged on friday that <unk> duo frederic kanoute and christian ziege have had their respective returns from injury put back .
the spanish government has protested to canberra over a major gaffe when the wrong spanish national anthem was played before the start of the davis cup tennis final in melbourne on friday .
the sudanese government and sudan people 's liberation army -lrb- spla -rrb- rebels on friday signed an agreement extending an ongoing ceasefire by two months , a senior mediator said .
bulgarian foreign minister solomon passi believes there is a role to play in the democratisation of afghanistan and iraq for the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- , which bulgaria will head next year .
paul gascoigne has admitted defeat in his bid to make a comeback to top flight football with wolverhampton .
the indian state of west bengal on friday banned the latest book by feminist bangladeshi writer taslima nasreen , saying its circulation could trigger religious unrest .
swedish forward andreas andersson admitted friday that he was the football star arrested in a stockholm nightclub earlier this week for punching a journalist in the face .
ministers from kenya , tanzania and uganda are expected to adopt a draft on a customs union in the northern town of arusha on friday evening , an east african community -lrb- eac -rrb- official said .
a draft bill drawn up by the british government to give the police more powers to deal with threats by extremists came under fire from a parliamentary commission on friday .
police in the troubled comoros islands have detained five people as part of an investigation into an alleged putsch attempt apparently involving some of the archipelago 's most senior politicians .
senior police sources said friday the security ring around the #### athens olympic venues will involve state-of-the art metal fencing instead of cement walls , as media reports suggested .
pakistan repeated its request for dialogue with india on friday as the ceasefire between their armies in kashmir held for a third day .
wall street opened mixed friday as a tumbling dollar weighed on stocks at the start of an abbreviated post-thanksgiving day trading session .
a sharp thunderstorm saw play suspended friday afternoon during the second round of the sun city challenge in south africa , sending players scuttling for cover .
one of india 's most wanted men , abu salem , was sentenced friday to four and a half years in prison by a portuguese court for using forged documents and resisting arrest .
canada 's deputy prime minister and finance minister john manley announced friday he was quitting politics .
an israeli minister demanded the dismantlement of `` many '' jewish settlements on palestinian territory to boost the ailing middle east <unk> in the gaza strip and the west bank be relocated inside israel , in the negev desert and the galilee region .
ivory coast 's former rebels said friday they were poised to decide whether to rejoin the unity government , set up to restore peace in the west african nation , but remained silent about whether they would disarm , as called for by president laurent gbagbo .
canada 's deputy prime minister and finance minister john manley announced friday he was quitting politics .
the danish supreme court on friday unanimously ruled against ### inuit hunters and their families who were forced off their land in #### to allow for the expansion of a us military base in thule .
the palestinian authority could adopt the unofficial geneva initiative if it gains support from other key players in middle east peace talks , one of its representatives abroad said on friday .
police in germany and italy friday arrested three north africans suspected of recruiting suicide bombers to carry out attacks in iraq .
in a further boost for south asian peace hopes , the leaders of india and pakistan edged closer to dialogue friday as a ceasefire between their armies in disputed kashmir held for a third day .
nine people have been killed and an italian missionary wounded in rebel attacks in northern uganda in the past two days , church and army sources said on friday .
fifa boss sepp blatter on friday praised the iraq football team and german coach bernd stange for their spirit and courage in qualifying for next year 's asian cup .
president jacques chirac of france had lunch with his bulgarian counterpart georgy parvanov friday , during which he reiterated french support for bulgaria 's entry to the eu in #### , his spokeswoman said .
police in the troubled comoros islands have detained five people as part of an investigation into an alleged coup attempt apparently involving some of the archipelago 's most senior politicians .
a fire engulfed a section of the headquarters of india 's million-plus army in new delhi friday but was extinguished with no casualties , a fire department spokesman said .
nigeria 's naira continued to fall against major trading currencies this week as the effects of fuel price deregulation and pre-christmas shopping took their toll , traders said .
police combed through more sites friday in gloucester , in the west of england , a day after they arrested a ##-year-old man with suspected links to al-qaeda and convicted `` shoe bomber '' richard reid .
england striker michael owen will be out of action for the next three weeks after picking up an injury in thursday 's uefa cup win over steaua bucharest .
england striker michael owen will be out of action for the next three weeks after picking up an injury in thursday 's uefa cup win over steaua bucharest .
india and italy signed friday a pact to cement ties in science and technology , officials said .
european stock markets closed mixed friday , with the london ftse ### index falling #.## percent to #,###.# points .
nigerian stocks , hit by two-day public holidays this week fell , lowering the all-share index from previous ##,###.## points to ##,###.## points , brokers said friday .
un secretary general kofi annan on friday said israel 's controversial west bank security barrier is a setback for the peace process that is seriously harming the palestinian people .
prime minister-designate paul martin , who is due to take office on december ## , promised friday more open government , stronger emphasis on ethics in government and the offer of a key diplomatic post to a former rival for the country 's top political job .
organizers of the lake louise world cup alpine races canceled friday 's downhill training run after a heavy snowfall blanketed the course overnight .
the sudanese government and sudan people 's liberation army -lrb- spla -rrb- rebels on friday signed an agreement extending an ongoing ceasefire by two months , two days before peace talks resume in kenya , a senior mediator said .
the european union condemned friday rights abuses in zimbabwe and the use of force against its people , urging harare to talk to the political opposition to resolve the crisis in the southern african country .
barcelona 's argentina international javier saviola was robbed in his car after two vehicles forced him to stop as he was going to training early on friday , a barcelona club source said .
the international federation of red cross and red crescent societies friday denounced the use of humanitarian aid for political means , warning that the agency needed to change to cope with new challenges such as growing violence and extremism .
american kenny perry birdied the par-four closing hole to snatch a one-stroke lead friday at the halfway mark of the sun city challenge , where ## of the world 's top players are chasing a #.#-million-dollar prize .
three kenyans implicated in last year 's bombing of an israeli-owned hotel in mombasa were on friday charged with conspiracy to bomb the us embassy in nairobi between november #### and june this year , court documents said .
leading ethiopian and kenyan athletes are to join some ##,### ethiopian and foreign runners on sunday in a race to create awareness on hiv\/aids in ethiopia , the event 's coordinator richard <unk> told a press conference in addis ababa .
turkmenistan clinched the last qualifying place available for the #### asian cup finals with a #-# draw against syria here on friday .
scott skiles , who twice guided the phoenix suns into the national basketball association playoffs , was named the new coach of the chicago bulls here friday .
opponents of venezuelan president hugo chavez kicked off a petition drive on friday in yet another bid to force him from office .
banca intesa , italy 's leading bank , said friday it had accepted an offer from french bank credit agricole to acquire its sudameris subsidiary in uruguay .
gay seniors at two swedish high schools will be allowed to dance together at their graduation ball next summer , a local newspaper reported friday .
some ### ancient egyptian antiquities , including two mummies , seized in switzerland at the end of august , were officially given back to egypt on friday , the swiss justice ministry said .
investors in the london stock market will be hoping for some breathing space from the eurozone and british central banks when they meet next week to set interest rates .
us stocks scored modest gains friday as positive sentiment about the holiday season helped investors shake off concerns about the flagging dollar .
employees of italy 's national air carrier alitalia staged a four-hour strike on friday , grounding ### flights and stranding ##,### passengers , airport officials in rome and milan said .
strasbourg fans turning up for the home game against bastia on december # are to be served up a traditional alsatian dish of pea soup and sausages , their club president announced friday .
britain will resume limited visa services in turkey next monday , but at its embassy in ankara rather than the consulate in istanbul which came under a deadly bomb attack last week , the embassy said .
plans to give michael jackson 's new video its world premiere friday on british television were dropped at the last minute after his recording company sony said it was not yet ready .
the euro was off day highs in late trade friday , falling off its record perch above #.## dollars amid a bout of profit taking , dealers said .
cyprus central bank governor christodoulos christodoulou warned friday that cypriot property prices were increasing at an alarming rate and advised commercial banks to be extra vigilant when approving housing loans .
an argentine lawyer has condemned fifa president sepp blatter over comments he made about carlos tevez and his boca juniors club , judicial sources said here on friday .
banca intesa , italy 's leading bank , said friday it had accepted an offer from french bank credit agricole to acquire its banking activities in uruguay for a symbolic one dollar -lrb- ## euro cents -rrb- .
the swedish army said friday it was preparing to send about ### soldiers to liberia early next year to participate in the united nations ' largest peace effort ever .
a us soldier was killed friday in a mortar attack on a base in northern iraq as hundreds of iraqis marched through the center of baghdad to protest against the violence plaguing the country 's reconstruction .
banca intesa , italy 's leading bank , said friday it had accepted an offer from french bank credit agricole to acquire its banking activities in uruguay for a symbolic one dollar -lrb- ## euro cents -rrb- .
the united nations mission and nato-led peacekeepers in kosovo have increased security after receiving a warning about an unspecified threat , an official said friday .
eduard shevardnadze , who last weekend resigned as president of georgia amid unprecedented protests , laid part of the blame for his overthrow at the feet of us groups in an interview late friday .
finland 's matti hautamaeki won the season-opening world cup ski jump here on friday ahead of poland 's adam malysz .
a crisis that erupted this week over french and german defiance of european union budget rules cast a shadow over talks here friday intended to thrash out the bloc 's first constitution .
former american first lady senator hillary rodham clinton visited baghdad friday hot on the heels of a lightning stealth visit by us president george w. bush , cautioning that washington still faced a `` big challenge '' in the country .
us stocks ended little changed friday in quiet trading as positive sentiment about the holiday season helped investors shake off concerns about the flagging dollar .
european stock markets drifted friday as wall street managed a modest post-thanksgiving rally , with little news about for direction and a record surge in the euro weighing on <unk> stocks .
eu foreign ministers were unable friday to break months of deadlock over inserting a mention of the eu 's christian roots into a new constitution , in the first of two days of talks here .
the police presence will be tripled for marseille 's crunch match against arch-rivals paris saint germain at the velodrome stadium on sunday night , the riviera club said on friday .
tanzanian president benjamin mkapa is to record his monthly <unk> to nation in zurich clinic , switzerland , where he recently underwent hip surgery , a state house spokeswoman said friday .
the head of the nazi-hunting simon wiesenthal center accused the prosecutor 's office in the baltic state of latvia on friday of putting pressure on a woman who informed on someone suspected of committing crimes during the holocaust .
russia 's deputy prime minister viktor khristenko on friday urged the former soviet republic of azerbaijan to increase the volume of oil it exports from its caspian sea fields through russian territory .
tyre giant michelin denied friday it was preparing to step in and help rescue next year 's french grand prix .
organizers reported violence at some recall centers here friday as opponents of venezuelan president hugo chavez kicked off a petition drive in yet another bid to force him from office .
inflation in slovenia rose #.# percent in november from the previous month , and #.# percent from ## months ago , slovenia 's statistical office reported on friday .
british police were holding a ##-year-old man after his arrest under anti-terrorism legislation at his home in birmingham , central england , scotland yard said friday .
fresh from his surprise trip to baghdad , us president george w. bush sought to soothe the `` separation and worry '' of families with relatives in iraq with sunny news from the conflict .
french automaker renault sees `` sharply higher '' full-year net profit in #### , thanks to strong contributions from its stakes in nissan and volvo , renault chief executive officer louis schweitzer said in an interview to be published saturday .
croatian center bruno sundov was placed on the national basketball association injured list here friday by the cleveland cavaliers with a bruised right knee .
the dollar took a beating friday , allowing the euro to briefly surge to a new all-time high above #.## dollars before profit-taking took down the single currency a notch .
boston celtics center raef lafrentz , out for two weeks with right knee tendinitis , was activated here friday by the national basketball association club .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei will meet top us envoy william burns on saturday in amman , his first meeting with a senior us official since taking office , his bureau chief hassan abu <unk> said .
prime minister jean chretien leaves ottawa next wednesday for a tour to nigeria and france , his final overseas tour before he steps down as prime minister on december ## .
legendary boxer muhammad ali boosted leipzig 's bid for the #### olympic games while on a tour of the country promoting his book goat -lrb- greatest of all time -rrb- .
speculation that chelsea may have michael ballack in their sights has prompted bayern munich manager uli hoeness to insist the player 's going nowhere .
a ##-strong israeli military convoy friday night staged an incursion into <unk> , a palestinian town southwest of jenin , in the northern west bank , said palestinian security sources .
arizona pitcher curt schilling has another day to decide whether or not he wants to join the boston red sox .
the us-led coalition ruling iraq on friday strongly denied a report that american troops had killed two young iraqi sisters near baqubah , ## kilometres -lrb- ## miles -rrb- north of baghdad .
carlos tevez has withdrawn his court action in which he was trying to get legal backing for his bid to put club before country following criticism from fifa president sepp blatter , media reported here on friday .
dallas forward danny fortson received a three-game suspension from the national basketball association on friday after a flagrant foul that led to a broken right wrist for phoenix forward zarko <unk> .
atlanta thrashers forward marc savard was issued a one-game suspension by the national hockey league here friday after trying to bite toronto 's darcy tucker in a game thursday at toronto .
a good feeling about the holiday season appears to be giving a lift to wall street despite some concerns about an overvalued market that may be ripe for a fall .
sweden 's anja paerson won the world cup giant slalom here on friday , the second women 's race of the ####\/## calendar , ahead of austria 's nicole hosp and denise karbon of italy .
ian paisley , whose party took the most seats in northern ireland 's legislative polls on friday , is the most uncompromising -- and loudest -- advocate for the british province 's hardline protestant community .
brazil seeks greater trade with libya , especially large construction contracts , the foreign ministry said wednesday after president luiz inacio lula da silva 's tour of five arab countries .
the hardline protestant democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- , which opposes the #### good friday peace accords , friday won northern ireland 's legislative elections , casting doubt over the peace process ' future .
venezuelan president hugo chavez announced friday he would run in #### elections -- and lead venezuela `` until #### '' -- as chavez opponents kicked off a petition drive in yet another bid to force him from office .
the macedonian parliament gave a green light on friday for sending of a new group of macedonian soldiers to replace troops already serving with the us-led coalition in iraq .
australian wildlife officers were struggling to keep alive a sperm whale saturday that was the sole survivor of the second mass whale beaching in australia in a week .
vandals desecrated a jewish cemetery in argentina , near the `` <unk> '' area that us officials suspect is a haven for terrorists connected with al-qaeda , a jewish leader said friday .
sir alex ferguson 's new-found willingness to recognize chelsea as serious title rivals could have been predicted with a glance at the bench during wednesday 's champions league match with panathinaikos .
sir alex ferguson 's new-found willingness to recognize chelsea as serious title rivals could have been predicted with a glance at the bench during wednesday 's champions league match with panathinaikos .
portugal 's world cup-winning brazilian coach luis felipe scolari has singled out the netherlands as the team to avoid during the european championship finals next summer .
portugal 's world cup-winning brazilian coach luis felipe scolari has singled out the netherlands as the team to avoid during the european championship finals next summer .
portugal are building seven new stadia and completely renovating three others ahead of the #### european championship finals which they host from june ## to july # .
the majority of london-based newspapers saturday predicted a bleak future for northern ireland 's peace process after a protestant party opposed to the province 's #### good friday peace accords won the most seats in belfast 's power-sharing assembly .
a us soldier was killed in a mortar attack on a base in northern iraq , as senator hillary rodham clinton visited us troops in baghdad on the heels of a surprise visit by us president george w. bush .
big-money sponsors saturday threw their weight behind new zealand 's all blacks rugby side despite the teams defeat in the semi-finals of the rugby world cup .
voters in the central zimbabwe town of kadoma go to the polls saturday for a two-day parliamentary by-election in another test of strength between president robert mugabe and the opposition .
argentina eased over korea #-# in the first match of the ##th womens champions trophy field hockey tournament here today .
human rights groups saturday slammed vietnam 's decision to reduce the prison sentences of three <unk> as a cynical move to hide other human rights violations .
two elderly vietnamese women died and four other people were injured in an arson attack in ho chi minh city following a family row , state media said saturday .
star pitcher curt schilling joined the boston red sox here on friday , agreeing to a five-player deal that puts the ##-year-old right-hander at the heart of an epic major league baseball rivalry .
detroit red wings right wing tomas holmstrom of sweden will be sidelined indefinitely with a dislocated right shoulder , the national hockey league team announced friday .
sri lanka 's beleaguered government saturday rejected a power-sharing arrangement offered by a hostile president deepening a bitter power struggle plaguing the embattled nation .
taiwan president chen shui-bian saturday unveiled plans to hold a referendum to `` safeguard the country 's sovereignty '' on election day following the passage of a plebiscite law that has angered rival china .
the united states and vietnam will sign next month a landmark agreement to allow direct passenger and cargo flights between the two former military foes , state media said saturday .
a sharp-tongued veteran politician has become the new leader of a key political party in south korea at a time when the country is roiled by an illegal funding of politicians scandal .
world champions brazil outgunned the united states for a ##th straight win in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on saturday to become the first team to qualify for the athens olympic games next year .
world silver medallist timothy goebel of the united states led the men 's event at the nhk trophy figure skating competition saturday , edging closer to his second grand prix series gold .
new zealand captain chris cairns won the toss and elected to bat in the first of five one-day internationals against pakistan at gaddafi stadium here on saturday .
president gloria arroyo on saturday , warned speculators against putting pressure on the philippine peso , stressing that the government had the tools to defend the unit .
australia cruised to a straight sets victory in the doubles over spain here saturday to take a #-# tie lead heading into sunday 's reverse singles .
sydney , nov ## -lrb- afp -rrb- fourth ranking china caused an early upset in the womens champions trophy field hockey tournament here today defeating second ranked netherlands #-# .
palestinian president yasser arafat has launched a series of appeals to western leaders to relaunch the stalled middle east peace process , one of his aides said .
kobe bryant and gary payton each scored ## points and karl malone achieved only the fourth `` triple double '' of his career here friday as the los angeles lakers beat san antonio ###-## .
world champions brazil outgunned the united states for a ##th straight win in the world cup men 's volleyball tournament on saturday to become the first team to qualify for the athens olympic games next year .
with a mere #.# percent of the world 's cars , china now clocks up ## percent of global deaths on the roads , state media reported saturday quoting ministry of public safety figures .
north korea saturday demanded compensation from the united states for suspending a deal to build two nuclear power plants , state media reported , quoting the official north korean newspaper rodong sinmun .
kobe bryant and gary payton each scored ## points and karl malone achieved only the fourth `` triple double '' of his career here friday as the los angeles lakers beat san antonio ###-## .
police in indonesia 's aceh province said saturday they have arrested a man suspected of involvement in the bombing of a jakarta shopping plaza two years ago .
iran said saturday that it was standing firmly behind its own candidate for secretary general of the oil cartel opec and warned that it would not vote for any other .
china has asked its farmers to prepare for a european union ban of ### agricultural chemicals which would be barred in europe from december ## next year , the official china daily reported saturday .
voting has started in a key by-election in the central zimbabwean town of kadoma , an electoral official told afp saturday .
germany 's first postwar leader beat his illustrious compatriots goethe , luther , marx and einstein in a nationwide poll to find the greatest german in history .
venezuelan president hugo chavez announced he would run for another six-year term in #### elections , as his opponents kicked off a petition drive in yet another bid to force him from office .
north korea saturday demanded compensation from the united states for suspending a deal to build two nuclear power plants , state media reported , quoting the official north korean newspaper rodong sinmun .
australian prime minister john howard on saturday refused to back down on his position that zimbabwe should remain suspended from the commonwealth after the african country 's president robert mugabe accused him of a vendetta .
european union external relations commissioner chris patten saturday said he was not trying to replace norway in brokering peace between the sri lankan government and tamil tiger rebels .
olympic champions serbia and montenegro and former world champions italy booked their places in the athens olympics next year in quite a different style at the world cup men 's volleyball on saturday .
brazil 's president luiz inacio lula da silva will meet with palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei on december # in cairo , the foreign ministry here said friday .
four eu countries , britain , ireland , netherlands and sweden , are to grant ethiopia ##.## million euros -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- to finance education projects , the ethiopian news agency -lrb- ena -rrb- reported saturday .
australian wildlife officers said saturday that a sperm whale which was the sole survivor of the second mass whale beaching in australia in a week appeared unharmed by the ordeal .
bulgarian ice dancers albena denkova and maxim staviski , the world bronze medallists , won the nhk trophy on saturday , bagging their second gold in the isu grand prix series .
at least five people were killed and dozen more wounded saturday in a string of attacks by tribal separatists in india 's restive northeastern state of assam , officials said .
mexican authorities have arrested three iraqi nationals accused of smuggling central americans to the united states through mexico , officials here said .
china saturday said it would sever diplomatic ties with the pacific island of kiribati , where it had a space tracking station , after the island formally recognized taiwan , the official xinhua news agency reported .
a row between state-owned pakistan television -lrb- ptv -rrb- and the private geo channel saturday blocked the live coverage of the one-day cricket international here between pakistan and new zealand .
olympic champions serbia and montenegro and former world champions italy booked their places in the athens olympics next year in quite a different style at the world cup men 's volleyball on saturday .
indian prime minister atal behari vajpayee on saturday announced an ambitious ##-billion-dollar ports project and invited the european union to invest in the venture .
arsenal manager arsene wenger said his troops will have come off their champions league cloud nine and be focused for the visit of hardy travellers fulham on sunday .
australian leisel jones set her second shortcourse world record in as many days with a time of two minutes ##.## seconds to win the ### metres breaststroke at the world cup meet here on saturday .
russia could ease travel with a georgian region opposed to this month 's overthrow of president eduard shevardnadze , but still supports georgia 's territorial integrity , russian foreign minister igor ivanov said saturday .
nepal 's most senior civil servant , chief secretary bimal prasad koirala , said the high profit in corruption , which has encouraged graft in the country .
the european union saturday welcomed the recent ceasefire between india and pakistan on the de facto border in disputed kashmir and expressed hope the move would lead to dialogue to resolve the vexed problem .
captain chris cairns hit a fiery ## off just ## balls to lift new zealand to a strong position in the first day-night one-day international against pakistan at gaddafi stadium on saturday .
a senior delegation from the rebel sudan people 's liberation movement\/army -lrb- splm\/a -rrb- will travel to khartoum in the next few days for the first such visit since civil war broke out in #### , reports said saturday .
france hooker raphael ibanez has announced his international retirement here on saturday .
south african leaders called on the world saturday to unite in the fight against aids on saturday , as famous music stars prepared to perform at a concert in cape town to raise money to fight the disease .
france hooker raphael ibanez has announced his international retirement here on saturday .
prime minister atal behari vajpayee said western countries should not buckle to labor union demands to block the relocation of jobs to india because the move resulted in huge cost savings for european and american firms .
sri lankan cricket chief thilanga sumathipala saturday denied he was in hiding following an order from the state attorney general for his arrest ahead of a home test series against england .
a man suspected of giving the order that triggered the devastating bomb attack on the beth israel synagogue in turkey 's commercial capital istanbul was taken to the scene of the blast on saturday for a police reconstruction .
west indies opening batsman chris gayle blew the opening zimbabwe seam attack apart in the fourth of a five-match one-day series at the harare sports club here saturday .
a quake measuring #.# on the richter scale jolted <unk> town in iran 's southern fars province overnight , wrecking several houses , but causing no casualties , the state irna news agency said saturday .
israel rejected on saturday un secretary general kofi annan 's condemnation of the security barrier the jewish state is building in the west bank , saying it was necessary until the palestinians put an end to attacks .
authorities in the gulf emirate of dubai have closed down ## massage parlors in the last two years in an attempted crackdown on a thriving illegal sex trade , a local official said saturday .
two iraqis were seriously wounded in separate explosions north of baghdad , police and relatives said saturday .
liverpool ` keeper chris kirkland says gerard houllier 's side must transfer their form in the uefa cup to their own back yard when they take on birmingham in a premiership encounter on sunday .
a top yukos shareholder has learned the kremlin was apparently behind the abrupt halt of the oil giant 's merger with another major , sibneft , the kommersant business daily reported saturday .
police have arrested an al-qaeda activist who worked with mohammad hamdi <unk> , a top figure in the yemeni branch of the terror network who was himself detained last week , a security official said saturday .
estonia 's world ##km champion kristina smigun won the women 's pursuit here saturday to claim her second world cup win in a row following her ##km freestyle victory last week .
springbok wing <unk> <unk> has won three of south africa 's top rugby awards , including player of the year , local media reported on saturday .
iran will provide the un 's atomic watchdog with all the information it requires by february , the country 's top nuclear official said saturday , repeating a pledge to soon sign an additional protocol to the non-proliferation treaty -lrb- npt -rrb- .
a hardline islamic militant group saturday slammed this week 's ceasefire between india and pakistan on the de facto border in disputed kashmir , saying it is only benefiting new delhi .
georgia 's breakaway region of abkhazia is determined to stay independent irrespective of the recent overthrow of georgian president eduard shevardnadze but is ready for dialogue , a top abkhazian official said here on saturday .
italian moped giant piaggio will buy auto parts worth over ## million euros -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- a year from india for a new model it plans to launch in europe , the company chief said on saturday .
strident campaigning by thousands of candidates contesting india 's provincial elections ended saturday , setting the stage for the crucial voting on monday in four key states , officials said .
britain 's minister for northern ireland on saturday brushed aside any suggestion that the peace process in the province was dead as he went into crucial talks with the province 's political leaders following elections in which a hardline protestant party made significant gains .
sixty-nine members of colombia 's highway police have been fired for corruption and insubordination , in the latest scandal to shake colombia 's police forces , the director of national police said .
world champions brazil , former world champions italy and sydney olympic gold medallists serbia and montenegro captured berths for the athens olympics at the world cup men 's volleyball on saturday .
a pakistani medical institute on saturday said its surgeons performed the country 's first successful liver transplant on an infant .
an organization of aids sufferers in ethiopia has urged the country 's leaders to go for hiv\/aids tests in order to set an example for others , state media said on saturday .
a row between state-owned pakistan television and private channel geo saturday blocked the live coverage of the one-day cricket international here between pakistan and new zealand .
tens of thousands of hindu marriages held this week to fit into the decade 's most auspicious celestial event pumped up gold prices to record highs saturday across india , bullion traders said .
the european union saturday agreed at constitutional talks here that every member state should be represented on its executive commission , italian foreign minister franco frattini said .
the european union saturday agreed at constitutional talks here that every member state should be represented on its executive commission , italian foreign minister franco frattini said .
germany 's ronny ackermann won the season-opening nordic combined ##km event here saturday .
the interim authority 's religious director for sunni muslims in iraq walked out of a tourism conference saturday after a doctrinal row with his shiite counterpart .
iran said saturday it was standing firmly behind its own candidate for secretary general of the oil cartel opec and warned that it would not vote for any other .
a provincial governor saturday sought to convince investors to put their money in tikrit , insisting saddam hussein 's hometown was perfectly safe , a view that is n't shared by us troops targeted by violent attacks .
pakistan lost #-# to kyrghyzstan in their first asia world cup football qualifier in this southern port city on saturday .
china will focus on restructuring the economy and reinforcing the importance of agriculture in #### , a government economic conference has decided , official media reported saturday .
the us military is restructuring its forces in iraq to create a lighter , more mobile force with a bigger intelligence capability , better suited to the sort of low-level insurgency facing its troops , its top commander here said saturday .
britain has granted asylum to top chechen envoy akhmed zakayev , wanted by moscow on terrorist charges , the home office said saturday .
iraqis must not allow foreigners to draw up their new `` islamic '' constitution , an envoy of iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said saturday .
iran will provide the un 's atomic watchdog with all the information it requires by february , the country 's top nuclear official said saturday , repeating a pledge to sign soon an additional protocol to the non-proliferation treaty -lrb- npt -rrb- .
germany 's foreign minister joschka fischer left an eu foreign ministers meeting in naples saturday `` deeply concerned '' about the chances of a successful conclusion to negotiations on the eu 's first constitution .
palestinian leader yasser arafat can not be left out of any resolution of the middle east peace process , the former eu envoy to the region was quoted as saying on saturday .
allrounder abdul razzaq snatched an unlikely victory from a novice new zealand side with a blazing unbeaten ## off just ## balls in the first one-day international at gaddafi stadium on saturday .
britain renewed saturday a travel warning to saudi arabia and said it believes `` terrorists '' are planning more attacks in the kingdom , according to a statement by the foreign and commonwealth office .
the eu 's italian presidency denied saturday that it had formally proposed delaying any change to members states ' voting rights until #### in a bid to unblock talks on the eu 's first constitution .
alan shearer rescued a point for newcastle after an embarrassing blunder by goalkeeper shay given had gifted wolves the lead at molineux on saturday .
the <unk> scandal in indian cricket took another twist saturday when a higher court reimposed the ban on abhijit kale , the player charged with offering bribes to two national selectors .
german foreign minister joschka fischer on saturday again appealed against hampering turkey 's efforts to join the european union .
campaigning by thousands of candidates contesting india 's provincial elections ended saturday , ahead of voting on monday in four key states seen as a litmus test for next year 's national polls , officials said .
a protracted battle in tanzania 's football administration has taken a new turn after an official from world football 's governing body sent in to investigate the crisis declared interim officials `` illegal '' .
the us military is restructuring its forces in iraq to create a lighter , more mobile force with a bigger intelligence capability , better suited to the sort of low-level insurgency facing its troops , its top commander here said saturday .
lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- rebels , feared for their brutal methods , are operating a training camp in areas under sudanese army control , ugandan junior defense minister ruth nankabirwa said on saturday .
sepp blatter , the president of world football 's ruling body fifa , on saturday denounced clubs who have refused to release players for the world under-## championship , saying they were devaluing the development of the sport worldwide .
armed robbers have shot dead four policemen and two civilians during a raid on a bank in nigeria 's commercial capital lagos , a police spokesman said saturday .
fresh from his surprise trip to baghdad , us president george w. bush sought to soothe the `` separation and worry '' of families with relatives in iraq with sunny news from the conflict .
at least two migrant workers were fatally gored when a rhinoceros attacked them saturday in the northeastern indian state of assam , officials here said .
a ##-year-old man arrested by anti-terrorist police as part of a probe into a possible al-qaeda plot was released without charge saturday , metropolitan police headquarters said .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei arrived in amman on saturday for his first meeting with a top us official since taking office , in a bid to revive the stalled middle east peace process , officials said .
sudanese president omar al-beshir has accepted the resignation of his peace adviser ghazi salah eddin atabani , the official state news agency said saturday .
a man who allegedly killed his daughter for refusing to enter a forced marriage has been arrested in the central pakistan city of multan after president pervez musharraf ordered a probe , police said saturday .
sepp blatter , the president of world football 's ruling body fifa , on saturday denounced clubs who have refused to release players for the world under-## championship , saying they were devaluing the development of the sport worldwide .
spain 's resurgent sergio garcia holed a ## foot putt for a birdie on the final green to snatch a one-stroke lead after the third round saturday of the nedbank golf challenge , an invitation-only event for ## of the world 's best players .
the ##-year-old fidel edwards , making his debut for the west indies , wrecked the zimbabwe top order at harare sports club here saturday to give his side victory and square the five-match one day international series #-# .
a man suspected of giving the order that triggered a devastating bomb attack on an istanbul synagogue was saturday charged at a turkish state security court here .
leading clubs slipped up in saturday 's german league action with hannover in ninth spot the highest club to grab all three points in a #-# home victory over sc freiburg .
trainer paul nicholls will be glad he let his arm be twisted in pitching his novice strong flow in against experienced chasers here saturday after the six-year-old ran away with the hennessy gold cup .
a senior delegation from the rebel sudan people 's liberation movement\/army -lrb- splm\/a -rrb- will travel to khartoum in the next few days for the first such visit since civil war broke out in #### , officials said saturday .
england world cup hero jonny wilkinson showed off the webb ellis trophy to ##,### fans at newcastle on saturday and then watched as his club slumped to a ##-## defeat against wasps .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei arrived in amman on saturday evening for his first talks with a top us official since taking office , in a bid to resurrect the stalled middle east peace process .
chris sutton grabbed a double as celtic came from behind against lowly partick thistle to stretch their lead at the top of the scottish premier league to eight points .
two grenades exploded on saturday , targeting leaders of venezuela 's opposition , which collected signatures demanding the recall of beleaguered president hugo chavez .
bayern munich coach ottmar hitzfeld described his champions ' #-# german league draw against cologne on saturday as disgraceful while elsewhere bayern 's title rivals were failing to grab victory .
concerned that sartorial scofflaws may be sullying the `` professional image '' of the united states , the us state department has introduced a diplomatic dress code , according to an internal memorandum seen saturday .
catholic leader gerry adams called saturday on britain to re-establish northern ireland 's regional assembly despite the election victory of hard-line protestants bitterly opposed to the province 's peace process .
high winds were to blame for a serious accident suffered by austria 's thomas morgenstern in the world cup ski jump event which was eventually canceled here on saturday .
leicester city continued their dominance over portsmouth with a #-# win at fratton park on saturday in the battle of two of the premiership 's promoted sides .
bolton extended their recent run of form to three wins and a draw from four games with a well-deserved #-# win over everton here on saturday .
vratislav <unk> 's first goal in english football earned blackburn a much-needed win over tottenham and allowed rovers boss graeme souness to relax a little after being sent from the bench to the stand .
leeds finally gave their fans something to cheer about with a #-# home win over high-flying charlton on the day a group of gulf investors confirmed they were planning a takeover bid for the cash-strapped club .
britain said saturday it had granted asylum to top chechen envoy akhmed zakayev , wanted by russia on terrorism charges -- a move likely to sour relations between london and moscow .
under-pressure aston villa were celebrating their first win since mid-september after a dion dublin goal sunk southampton #-# here saturday .
france will raise its terrorist alert status from its lowest level , yellow , to orange on monday , officials said friday .
police in ohio saturday investigated the death of a motorist that may be tied to as many as nine other shootings along a stretch of busy highway ringing the city of columbus .
french champions lyon failed in their chance to go top of the table after losing #-# at brittany club rennes in saturday 's early french league fixture .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei and top us middle east envoy william burns began talks saturday at the us embassy in amman to try to revive the stalled middle east peace process , officials said .
france will raise its terrorist alert status from its lowest level , yellow , to orange on monday , officials said friday .
lazio 's brittle confidence sunk even lower on saturday after they crashed to a #-# defeat away to a spirited siena .
germany will play friendly internationals against japan , south korea and thailand in december #### , it was announced here on saturday .
the younger brother of ugandan president yoweri museveni has resigned from parliament under accusations of corruption , the parliament spokesman confirmed on saturday .
uefa 's professional football committee -lrb- pfc -rrb- is considering the introduction of an exchange program that would allow referees to officiate domestic matches in different european countries .
former england skipper bryan robson enjoyed a winning start to his reign as bradford boss when the struggling division one side came back from two goals down to beat millwall #-# on saturday .
italy on saturday expressed its condolences to spain after seven spanish intelligence officers were killed in an attack near baghdad .
france will raise its alert status from its lowest level , yellow , to orange on monday , officials said friday .
a set of filipino twins who are joined at the head went home after undergoing the second surgery in a series that will eventually separate them , hospital officials said saturday .
dallas stars defenseman philippe boucher underwent surgery here on saturday to repair a fractured left orbital bone and the canadian will be out indefinitely from national hockey league play .
three north africans , arrested on suspicion of planning extremist attacks , will appear before a judge monday , sources close to their lawyers said saturday .
dennis eckersley , major league baseball 's #### american league most <unk> player and cy young award winner , was among ## first-time nominees on the #### baseball hall of fame ballot .
french president jacques chirac on saturday expressed his sympathy to spain after seven of its intelligence agents were killed and another wounded in an attack in iraq , his office said .
seven spanish intelligence agents were killed saturday in a mortar and grenade attack on their convoy south of baghdad , spain 's defense minister said .
rolling stones ' frontman mick jagger and england 's rugby world cup hero jonny wilkinson will receive their royal honors from britain 's queen elizabeth ii on the same day , buckingham palace said saturday .
a troublesome right ankle saw real madrid 's david beckham come off four minutes from the end of his club 's #-# draw at osasuna on saturday .
a senior us army officer has been accused of mishandling classified documents while serving at the us naval base in guantanamo bay , cuba , the southern command announced saturday .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei and top us middle east envoy william burns locked heads here saturday on ways to revive the stalled middle east process , officials said .
leeds finally gave their fans something to cheer about with a #-# win over high-flying charlton on the day a group of gulf investors confirmed they were planning a takeover bid for the cash-strapped club .
british police said saturday they were questioning six men of north african origin over a probe into `` the arranging of funds or property for the purposes of terrorism .
britain said saturday it had granted asylum to top chechen envoy akhmed zakayev , wanted by russia on terrorism charges -- a move that moscow warned could lead to a souring of bilateral relations .
a senior us army officer has been accused of mishandling classified documents while serving at the us naval base in guantanamo bay , cuba , the southern command announced saturday .
sweden 's in-form anja paerson added saturday 's slalom , the third event in the women 's ####\/## world cup season , to her giant slalom win here ## hours earlier .
twenty-two people died in the democratic republic of congo saturday when a passenger plane crashed in the north of the huge country , a government statement said .
sudan and lebanon signed agricultural agreements in khartoum on saturday , official state television reported here .
two grenades exploded on saturday , targeting leaders of venezuela 's opposition , which collected on saturday signatures to recall beleaguered president hugo chavez .
barely ## hours after us president george w. bush 's secretive trip to iraq , one of the souvenir stores in this one-stoplight town is already making money by selling <unk> <unk> .
libya on saturday denied giving one million dollars to detained former mauritanian president mohamed khouna ould haidalla , accused of plotting a coup in his west african state , officials said .
david beckham endured a fierce test of his composure and character on saturday before an ankle injury put an end to his participation in real madrid 's #-# draw at osasuna .
us president george w. bush telephoned spanish prime minister jose maria aznar saturday to express sorrow over the slaying of seven spanish intelligence agents in iraq , the white house said .
iran 's judgement council has changed the law on child care , allowing divorced mothers to keep custody of both their sons and daughters until they reach the age of seven , state media said saturday .
sweden 's annika sorenstam sank a ##-foot eagle shot from a <unk> sand trap to win ###,### dollars , outclassing her male rivals here saturday at the one million-dollar skins game .
alessandra mussolini , grand-daughter of italy 's fascist dictator , said saturday she was forming a new party after quitting the right-wing national alliance , a junior partner in the government .
firebrand protestant leader ian paisley , whose hardline party won the most seats in elections to northern ireland 's assembly last week , has said it is up to others to drive forward the province 's stalled peace process , a london newspaper reported sunday .
chris sutton 's double sealed a #-# victory for celtic and looks certain to have brought down the curtain on gerry collins ' brief reign as partick thistle boss .
david beckham endured a fierce test of his composure and character on saturday before an ankle injury put an end to his participation in real madrid 's #-# draw at osasuna .
a minute 's silence was observed before the start of the last day in the davis cup tennis final here sunday between australia and spain in respect of the seven spanish agents killed in iraq .
a senior us army officer has been accused of mishandling classified documents while serving at the us naval base in guantanamo bay , cuba , the southern command announced saturday .
two people were killed in the latest outburst of sectarian violence to hit the restive indonesian district of poso in central sulawesi , police said sunday .
two grenades exploded saturday , targeting leaders of venezuela 's opposition , which collected signatures to recall beleaguered president hugo chavez .
two prisoners wrongly convicted of robbery ## years ago and who had been given suspended death sentences were released and given compensation by a court in southern china 's hainan province , state press reported sunday .
mark philippoussis played a courageous final set with an injured serving shoulder to lead australia to victory in the davis cup tennis final over spain here on sunday .
mark philippoussis played a courageous final set with an injured serving shoulder to lead australia to victory in the davis cup tennis final over spain here on sunday .
five officials have been removed from their posts in central china 's henan province , for negligence in a two-year spate of murders of ## high school students in a rural county , state press said sunday .
mark philippoussis became australia 's new sporting hero when he defied the pain of a shoulder injury to lead his country to victory in the davis cup tennis final against spain here on sunday .
argentina and china drew #-# on day # of the ##th womens champions trophy field hockey tournament here today .
taiwan has seized a missile researcher for allegedly selling state-of-the-art military technology to rival china in one of the worst espionage scandals ever cracked here , officials said sunday .
indonesia has registered #.# million foreign tourist arrivals during the first ## months of #### , a tourism official said sunday .
taiwan has seized a missile researcher for allegedly selling state-of-the-art military technology to rival china in one of the worst espionage scandals ever cracked here , officials said sunday .
a new outbreak of hiv\/aids has surfaced in northeastern china 's jilin province where up to ### villagers could be infected with aids after donating blood at government blood stations , villagers and a rights group said sunday .
the health of former all black great jonah lomu , who is battling a kidney disease , has taken a turn for the worse and he is now barely able to walk .
canadian skater jeffrey buttle clinched his first gold at an isu grand prix event sunday as he edged out world silver medallist timothy goebel of the united states at the nhk trophy men 's singles .
up to seven kuwaiti shiite mourners returning from the iraqi holy city of karbala after attending the burial of a top cleric were killed in a road accident near safwan , an eyewitness said .
australia admitted sunday that finalizing a free trade deal with the united states by christmas would be an uphill battle as negotiations reach crunch time on a number of politically-sensitive issues .
two us soldiers were killed and one wounded in iraq when their convoy was ambushed with rocket-propelled grenade and small arms fire near the troubled town of <unk> on the syrian border , the us military said sunday .
skinheads attacked around ## foreign students at a university in moscow which days earlier was the site of a devastating fire , russian media said on sunday .
at least ## people died in one of the worst single road accidents in malaysia in recent months after two buses collided as thousands of people returned to the cities after celebrating the eid al-fitr <unk> , police said sunday .
two us soldiers were killed and one wounded in iraq when their convoy was ambushed with rocket-propelled grenade and small arms fire near the troubled town of <unk> on the syrian border , the us military said sunday .
indonesian soldiers have shot dead three more separatist rebels in aceh province , the military said sunday .
in a further sign of china 's determination to wipe out graft , the vice mayor of scandal-plagued liaoning province has been sacked and the deputy mayor of the southern metropolis of shenzhen has been thrown in jail , state press reported sunday .
india has deployed around ###,### security personnel for elections monday in four states , as six people were killed in scattered pre-poll violence , officials said .
some ### demonstrators blocked a palestinian delegation heading to geneva for the signing of an unofficial peace agreement from leaving the gaza strip sunday , witnesses reported .
world champions brazil won their first-ever world cup men 's volleyball tournament as their nearest rivals italy lost to serbia and montenegro on sunday .
a majority of diplomats at the french embassy in the gulf arab state of kuwait will go on strike monday as part of the first ever worldwide strike by french diplomats , the deputy head of mission said sunday .
world champions brazil won their first-ever world cup men 's volleyball tournament as their nearest rivals italy lost to serbia and montenegro on sunday .
doubles master todd woodbridge says he will play on for his country for another year after australia 's ##th davis cup tennis triumph over spain here on sunday .
suspected taliban militants have freed a turkish road engineer almost a month after his abduction , spokesmen for the us construction firm louis berger group inc. and the ousted militia said on sunday .
a dubai government hospital will not release a filipina worker who gave birth prematurely while in transit through the emirate , a newspaper reported sunday .
norwegian sigurd pettersen overcame blustery conditions to win the world cup ski jump event here sunday , in the process beating double world and world cup champion adam malysz .
a bangladeshi journalist was being questioned sunday for reported ties with israel , with which the muslim country has no diplomatic ties , police and media reports said .
unsettled brazilian striker rivaldo , who is set to leave european champions ac milan during the winter transfer window , fancies a move to chelsea - who he has compared to an all-star nba team .
steven gerrard has revealed he fears michael owen will quit liverpool if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season .
the israeli army has allowed more palestinians from the gaza strip to cross the border daily to work in israel , an army spokesman said sunday .
skinheads attacked around ## foreign students at a university in moscow which days earlier was the site of a devastating fire , russian media said on sunday .
afghanistan sunday questioned islamabad 's swift denial of president hamid karzai 's claim that fugitive taliban leader mullah omar had been seen in the southwest pakistan city of quetta .
the national bank of kuwait -lrb- nbk -rrb- , the gulf emirate 's largest bank , announced sunday that it has started making money transfers to iraq in us dollars or iraqi dinars .
a woman convicted of bombing the home of her estranged husband , killing him and four others , has been executed in central china 's hunan province , state press reported sunday .
indian batsman v.v.s. laxman warmed up in fine style for the first test against australia starting thursday with a stylish ## against the queensland academy of sport .
the president of the european commission , romano prodi , sunday expressed shock over the slaying of seven spanish intelligence officers in iraq .
the greek national carrier olympic airways canceled ## flights on sunday , seven of them international , after talks broke down with striking cabin staff , the company said .
a belgian cargo plane has crash landed at nigeria 's main international airport in lagos , but no lives were lost , officials said sunday .
scott harrison , scotland 's brightest boxing prospect in a generation , has reignited his career after stopping experienced mexican manuel medina in the ##th round to reclaim the wbo featherweight title .
chinese internet dissident liu di has been released from a beijing prison after being held for a year without charges , a hong kong rights group said sunday .
the sri lankan navy sunday arrested ## men who were trying to leave the island illegally in a fishing trawler bound for italy , police officials said .
pakistan coach javed miandad said his side will battle for a second straight win against new zealand in their one-day match on monday to put them in the same group as arch-rivals india in a major tournament next year .
an indian construction worker accused of rape and murder was beaten to death in a jail in maldives , the leader of the southern indian state of tamil nadu charged .
supporting the unofficial geneva peace plan due to be launched on monday is tantamount to `` abetting terrorism '' , a high-ranking israeli official said in a warning addressed to the united states .
canadian skater jeffrey buttle clinched his first gold at an isu grand prix event sunday as he edged out world silver medallist timothy goebel of the united states in the nhk trophy .
tourism officials in the region on sunday aired worries that tourism in the region will face another difficult year ahead amid worries about health issues and the threat of terrorism .
an australian oil worker held hostage in nigeria was released sunday after four days in captivity , australian foreign affairs department officals said .
sixteen kuwaiti shiite mourners returning from the iraqi holy city of karbala after attending the burial of a top cleric were killed in a road accident near safwan , an official said sunday .
chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing has warned taiwan against holding a referendum on independence and said that china had the means to defend its sovereignty , der spiegel magazine reports in its monday edition .
chinese internet dissident liu di has been released from a beijing prison after being held for a year without charges , a hong kong rights group said sunday .
sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga is telephoning commonwealth leaders to secure support for her foreign affairs advisor lakshman kadirgamar who is contesting the secretary general post , officials said sunday .
the un world food programme -lrb- wfp -rrb- on sunday hailed a campaign to provide anti-retroviral drugs to three million people by #### , while stressing that good nutrition should accompany the drive .
supporting the unofficial geneva peace plan due to be launched on monday is tantamount to `` abetting terrorism '' , a high-ranking israeli official said in a warning addressed to the united states .
chelsea manager claudio ranieri has admitted the pressure is on to `` build something special '' this season or face being sacked by the club 's billionaire owner roman abramovich .
us geophysical services company veritas signed late saturday a four million dollar agreement to prospect for oil in syria 's offshore waters , the country 's oil ministry said sunday .
palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei and top us middle east envoy william burns held separate talks sunday with jordan 's king abdullah ii and senior aides on ways to revive the israeli-palestinian peace process .
french police were sunday holding a yugoslav <unk> who drove his car through the window of fashion designer jean paul gaultier 's showcase store off the champs elysees in central paris and made off with a selection of menswear .
american sensation michael phelps will keep the swimming world guessing until just before next year 's athens olympics as to what events he will compete in after winning all his five events at the shortcourse world cup meet here .
afghanistan will launch a voter registration drive in the coming week ahead of presidential polls scheduled for next year which will mark the war-ravaged country 's transition to democracy , a un spokesman said sunday .
west indies ' part-time off spinner chris gayle set the tourists on a series-winning path at the harare sports club saturday by taking four zimbabwe wickets for only ## in the fifth and final one-day international .
pope john paul ii on sunday called on the world 's religious leaders to preach non-violence , forgiveness and reconciliation for the sake of peace .
england were paired with title-holders france , switzerland and croatia in the group stages of the euro #### finals after the draw for the tournament here on sunday .
a majority of diplomats at french embassies in the gulf arab states are expected to stay off work monday as part of the first ever worldwide strike by french diplomats , officials said .
a military plane carrying the bodies of seven spanish intelligence officers killed in a mortar and grenade attack on their vehicles in iraq left kuwait on sunday , an airport source said .
the nigerian navy said sunday an australian oil worker held hostage in the west african country 's troubled niger delta has been released , leaving five others in captivity .
kuwaiti stocks began their first trading day sunday after the muslim eid al-fitr feast by setting a new record high , surpassing the previous record set six weeks ago , investors said .
the british government will meet northern ireland 's triumphant hardline protestant leaders this week to try to salvage the province 's peace process after elections reshaped its political landscape .
england coach sven-goran eriksson said here on sunday that england had avoided the hardest group at euro #### despite being paired with holders france .
american sensation michael phelps will keep the swimming world guessing until just before next year 's athens olympics as to what events he will compete in after winning all his six events at the shortcourse world cup meet here .
proximity talks resumed sunday between mediators and sudanese rebels in a town on the kenyan border with sudan ahead of face-to-face talks with the khartoum government , chief mediator lazaro sumbeiywo said .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld arrived here sunday for talks with nato allies on a planned overhaul of us troop levels worldwide as well as cuts in troop levels in bosnia and plans to give the eu a military planning arm independent of the us-led transatlantic alliance .
proximity talks resumed sunday between mediators and sudanese rebels in a town on the kenyan border with sudan ahead of face-to-face talks with the khartoum government , chief mediator lazaro sumbeiywo said .
interpol has issued an arrest warrant for a nepalese maoist leader detained in august in india , a nepalese official said sunday .
increasing intravenous drug use could see war-ravaged afghanistan risking an aids epidemic , the un children 's fund -lrb- unicef -rrb- warned sunday .
more than ##,### iranian revolutionary militia chanted `` death to america '' outside the former us embassy in tehran on sunday , wishing defeat in iraq on the `` great satan .
jia qinglin , head of china 's nominal lower house of parliament , arrived sunday on a three-day visit to bangladesh in which the two countries will sign agreements on development and culture , officials said .
indonesian authorities are sending some ### paramilitary police to reinforce security in the restive district of poso in central sulawesi where fresh sectarian violence has killed four people and injured four others , police said sunday .
germany coach rudi voller had no doubts his side were in the hardest group at the euro #### finals in portugal after being paired with holland in the draw in lisbon on sunday .
freed turkish road engineer hasan onal arrived in kabul sunday after being held captive for a month by taliban militants in southeast afghanistan .
england were paired with title-holders france while holland and three-time winners germany were drawn in the same group for the euro #### finals in portugal here on sunday .
world champions brazil beat japan sunday to complete a clean sweep in their first world cup men 's volleyball victory .
syria 's decades-old peace with israel can not `` last forever '' if the jewish state launches a new attack like one in october , its speaker of parliament mahmud al-abrash warned in an interview published sunday .
hewlett-packard said sunday it planned to purchase all ##.# million publicly-held shares to fully own its indian subsidiary digital <unk> and expand its presence in the country .
under pressure from political rivals and an equally hostile public , spanish prime minister jose maria aznar insisted sunday madrid would not be deterred from its role in post-war iraq despite the killing saturday of seven spanish intelligence agents in iraq .
nepal 's prime minister returned sunday from bhutan where he urged leaders to begin the repatriation of some ###,### bhutanese refugees living in his country for the past decade .
russia 's president vladimir putin and armenian counterpart robert kocharian on sunday discussed prospects for the caucasus as a new era begins in georgia , a putin staff member said .
under pressure from political rivals and an equally hostile public , spanish prime minister jose maria aznar insisted sunday madrid would not be deterred from its role in post-war iraq despite the killing saturday of seven spanish intelligence agents there .
the president of the european commission , romano prodi , on sunday expressed shock over the slaying of se polish defense minister jerzy szmajdzinski sent his condolences to his spanish counterpart federico trillo , his ministry said .
under pressure from political rivals and an equally hostile public , spanish prime minister jose maria aznar insisted sunday madrid would not be deterred from its role in post-war iraq despite the killing saturday of seven spanish intelligence agents there .
german foreign minister joschka fischer on sunday condemned `` the criminal attacks and aggression that have again targeted foreign citizens in iraq '' , in a statement issued by his office .
a burundi government delegation will have its first face-to-face talks in nairobi on sunday with hutu rebels of the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- , which has hitherto rejected negotiations , an fnl spokesman said .
sven-goran eriksson predicted that his england side would face a france team which had put its disastrous #### world cup campaign behind it when the two nations meet in next year 's euro #### finals .
the president of the european commission , romano prodi , on sunday expressed shock over the slaying of seven spanish intelligence officers in iraq .
commonwealth secretary general don mckinnon denied sunday that the issue of zimbabwe was threatening to open up a chasm between the so-called `` white commonwealth '' and african members this week .
six people died in separatist violence in kashmir , where a truce on the de facto border between india and pakistan held for a fifth day sunday , police said .
at least ## kuwaiti shiite mourners returning from the burial of a top cleric in the iraqi holy city of karbala were killed in a bus crash , the british army and a religious leader told afp on sunday .
for <unk> shah , ## , traveling to the pakistani-zone of kashmir from the indian border town of uri in a bus has been a long-cherished dream .
the suicide bomber who detonated a truck bomb outside the offices of british-based banking giant hsbc in istanbul has been formally identified by dna testing , turkey 's anatolia news agency said sunday .
chelsea manager claudio ranieri has admitted the pressure is on to `` build something special '' this season or face being sacked by the club 's billionaire owner roman abramovich .
german central bank chief ernst welteke expressed concern sunday about the stability of the european single currency , which he said could be undermined if the growth and stability pact is weakened .
holland coach dick advocaat said their first euro #### group d match against old foes germany in portugal next summer is likely to set the tone for the dutch throughout the tournament .
germany 's axel teichmann won the #x##km pursuit world cup nordic skiing cross country event here on sunday .
former australian left-arm fast bowler bruce reid has been named india 's bowling coach on the current tour of australia , the indian cricket board president said here sunday .
chancellor gerhard schroeder sent germany 's condolences sunday to prime minister jose maria <unk> following the deaths of seven spanish intelligence agents in iraq , a government statement said .
voting in a key by-election in zimbabwe , marred on its first day by opposition claims of intimidation , entered its second and final day sunday peacefully , the opposition candidate and an electoral official said .
england were paired with title-holders france while holland and three-time winners germany were drawn in the same group for the euro #### finals in portugal here on sunday .
palestinian minister without portfolio <unk> fares , one of the main backers of the so-called geneva initiative , canceled his trip to the blueprint 's official presentation in switzerland , he told israeli public radio sunday .
players from the pakistan and new zealand cricket teams will wear red ribbons during their second international day-night match on monday to mark world aids day , the world cricket body said sunday .
the president of kosovo , a mainly muslim albanian province of serbia , has ruled out that al-qaeda extremists could prepare attacks in the un-administered region , in an interview published sunday .
around ### father christmases and angels held their annual general assembly in berlin on sunday to perfect their techniques ahead of their big evening on december ## , organisers said .
french prime minister jean-pierre raffarin arrived in poland on sunday for his first official visit to the country aimed at re-building bridges between paris and warsaw that have taken a battering in recent months over iraq and eu enlargement .
sergio garcia of spain won his second sun city challenge sunday when he knocked in a ##-footer for a birdie at the first extra hole of a sudden-death playoff with south africa 's retief goosen .
hospitals in the paris area were sunday struggling to cope with a rush of emergency cases linked to simultaneous outbreaks of flu and gastroenteritis , and several were forced to call back staff from their holidays .
iran rejects international arbitration over the disputed offshore natural gas field it shares with kuwait , foreign ministry spokesman hamid reza asefi said sunday .
sergio garcia of spain ended his recent victory drought by winning his second sun city challenge sunday after sinking a ##-footer for a birdie at the first extra hole of a sudden-death playoff with south africa 's retief goosen .
it was a gayle force victory for west indies at harare sports club here sunday as he swept the tourists to a #-# triumph in the one-day series .
the us army has handed over seven unidentified bodies to police in the flashpoint northern town of fallujah , commissioner ahmad alwan said sunday .
irish prime minister bertie ahern on sunday offered direct face-to-face talks in dublin with hardline northern ireland protestant leader ian paisley to discuss ways of salvaging the province 's peace process and restoring power-sharing .
health experts from ## african countries have vowed to join forces in the fight against malaria , the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- said sunday .
two south koreans were killed and two others seriously wounded in an attack on a highway near the iraqi town of tikrit , the south korean foreign ministry said monday , according to yonhap news agency .
washington 's top envoy in the middle east william burns met with israeli foreign minister silvan shalom sunday and called on israel to fulfil its `` roadmap '' obligations on the issue of settlement outposts .
european leaders expressed shock sunday over the slaying of seven spanish intelligence officers in iraq amid an upsurge of violence against foreign nationals but vowed the attacks will not deter international efforts to rebuild the wartorn country .
the british government will hold talks with northern ireland 's triumphant hardline protestant leaders this week to try to salvage the province 's peace process after elections reshaped its political landscape .
fulham keeper edwin van der sar kept arsenal at bay as he kept a clean sheet in their goalless premiership draw at highbury on sunday despite constant pressure from the gunners .
two prominent palestinian officials due to attend the launch of the so-called geneva initiative canceled their trips sunday , although one of the plan 's main backers flip-flopped and said he would now attend the ceremony .
amid heightened awareness of italy 's position on the islamic extremism radar screen , rome 's international airport , considered a vulnerable target , is taking extra security precautions , an airport source said sunday .
the un 's refugee agency sunday called for countries to reconsider forced repatriation of failed afghan asylum seekers after it scaled back operations following the murder of a french worker two weeks ago .
the suicide bomber who detonated a truck bomb outside the offices of british-based banking giant hsbc in istanbul has been formally identified by dna testing , turkey 's anatolia news agency said sunday .
the venezuelan opposition on sunday claimed huge public support for its new drive to oust president hugo chavez whose government sealed part of the border with colombia claiming illegal immigrants were involved in election fraud .
ministers from kenya , tanzania and uganda have endorsed a common customs protocol , moving the east african community -lrb- eac -rrb- one step closer towards integration , an official said sunday .
at least ## foreign nationals including us soldiers were killed in a sharp upsurge of violence in iraq at the weekend .
england 's world cup winning flanker richard hill enjoyed a winning return to club rugby on sunday when he scored one of the tries which took saracens to a ##-## win against bottom club rotherham .
kenyan police have arrested at least ## people in connection with the #### bombing of the us embassy in nairobi , a senior police official said on sunday .
jordan and iraq signed sunday an electricity agreement in which amman will help its war-battered eastern neighbor revamp its power grid and train iraqi experts , state media quoted officials as saying .
chelsea stormed to the top of the premiership on sunday with a #-# victory over manchester united at stamford bridge .
the bodies of seven spanish intelligence agents slain in a grenade and mortar attack in iraq arrived home on sunday on a spanish air force jet .
thousands of moldovan opposition supporters marched in the capital chisinau on sunday to protest at constitutional changes planned under a russian settlement for the separatist transdniestr region .
two south koreans were killed and two seriously wounded sunday in an attack near the iraqi town of tikrit , an incident likely to fuel uncertainty over south korea 's involvement in iraqi reconstruction .
iraq 's us-installed governing council appealed to the international community sunday to speed up the rescheduling of the towering debt accumulated by saddam hussein 's ousted regime .
five-time world champion valentino rossi will test for his new yamaha team at sepang in malaysia on january ## .
allen iverson 's best and worst performances of the national basketball association season came just ## hours apart .
a palestinian security officer was killed sunday evening when his car blew up in the rafah refugee camp in the southern gaza strip , witnesses and security sources said .
england 's world cup winning flanker richard hill enjoyed a winning return to club rugby on sunday when he scored one of the tries which took saracens to a ##-## win against bottom club rotherham .
king fahd has granted saudi arabia 's majlis <unk> or consultative council the right to propose bills without his prior consent , amid mounting pressure to reform the conservative kingdom 's political system .
the bodies of seven spanish intelligence agents slain in a grenade and mortar attack in iraq arrived home on sunday on a spanish air force jet .
an american executive with anglo-dutch oil giant shell was found stabbed to death sunday in his apartment here , while his wife was hospitalized with multiple injuries , police said .
men wearing army uniforms and carrying weapons appeared live on ivory 's coast national television sunday demanding the resignation of the country 's army chief and the departure of french peacekeepers .
a burundi government delegation held its first face-to-face talks here on sunday with hutu rebels of the national liberation forces -lrb- fnl -rrb- , which had previously rejected negotiations .
manchester city manager kevin keegan came to the defense of sun jihai after the chinese international scored a bizarre own goal which gave middlesbrough a #-# win here on sunday .
deposed georgian president eduard shevardnadze accused us billionaire and philanthropist george soros of orchestrating a campaign that led to his downfall , in an interview broadcast on russian television sunday .
syria has handed over to turkey ## suspects wanted as part of the investigation into this month 's istanbul bombings in which ## people were killed , police said sunday , quoted by the anatolia news agency .
at least ## foreign nationals including seven spanish intelligence officers and two japanese diplomats , were killed in a spate of weekend attacks in iraq that sparked world condemnation and vows not to give in to `` terrorists .
armed men wearing army uniforms interrupted ivory 's coast national television sunday to demand the resignation of the country 's army chiefs as well as the departure of french peacekeepers .
only a stoppage time winner from stephen hughes prevented rangers from virtually conceding defeat in the scottish premier league title race on sunday .
double olympic gold medallist hermann maier , continuing his return from a career threatening motorcycle crash , captured the first super-g of the alpine world cup season here on sunday .
syria has handed over to turkey ## suspects wanted as part of the investigation into this month 's istanbul bombings in which ## people were killed , police said sunday , quoted by the anatolia news agency .
a saudi man was nabbed trying to smuggle some ##,### viagra pills stuffed into his luggage through egyptian customs , airport officials said sunday .
cruzeiro wrapped up the brazilian championship on sunday after beating paysandu #-# .
the israeli army imposed a curfew on a palestinian area of the northern west bank after an israeli vehicle came under fire in the sector , israeli military sources said .
american movie goers sought out scary laughs this weekend pushing the <unk> comedy `` the haunted mansion '' to the top spot at the north american box office .
a new york street corner in the east village neighborhood was renamed in memory of the rocker joey ramone on sunday , the leader of the ramones rock band who died two years ago .
palestinian leader yasser arafat 's national security adviser , jibril al-rajoub , will lead the official delegation to the launch of the so-called geneva initiative peace plan , he said sunday .
share prices in tokyo opened lower monday with the nikkei-### index losing ##.## points or #.## percent to ##,###.## in the first five minutes of trading .
three days of non-stop talks between pilots and management at colombia 's strike-hit airline avianca broke down sunday without an agreement being struck between the two sides .
england were paired with title-holders france while holland and three-time winners germany were drawn in the same group for the euro #### finals in portugal here on sunday .
alex mcleish paid tribute to ##-year-old stephen hughes coolness under fire after his stoppage time winner prevented rangers from virtually conceding defeat in the scottish premier league title race .
sven-goran eriksson has warned england not to get blinded by the stadium of light clash against european champions france at euro #### next year .
chelsea coach claudio ranieri celebrated his team 's #-# win over manchester united at stamford bridge by insisting that the londoners are still not as good as the english champions .
us troops killed ## suspected iraqi insurgents following attacks on their convoys in a firefight that capped a weekend of violence in which two americans and ## other foreigners also died this past weekend .
the british government will hold talks monday with northern ireland 's triumphant hardline protestant leaders to try to salvage the province 's peace process after elections reshaped its political landscape .
everton boss david moyes fears teenage striker wayne rooney is in danger of burnout with a spell on the goodison park bench looming for english football 's hottest property .
millions were due to vote under tight security in four indian states monday in polls that could impact prime minister atal behari vajpayee 's hindu nationalists ahead of general elections next year .
prominent palestinians and israeli opposition politicians are due to launch a private middle east peace effort dubbed the geneva initiative on monday , shunning powerful opposition to their bid .
annika sorenstam may be the queen of golf , but fred couples is mr. skins .
manchester city manager kevin keegan came to the defense of sun jihai after the chinese international scored a bizarre own goal which gave middlesbrough a #-# win here on sunday .
hong kong gold prices opened higher on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce compared to friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
australia 's current account deficit narrowed marginally from its record-high ##.## billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion us -rrb- in the june quarter to ##.## billion dollars in the september quarter , official data showed monday .
australia 's central bank is likely to raise interest rates again when it meets tuesday , striving to put a lid on the surging domestic economy amid evidence of a strengthening global scene , economists said monday .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld meets his nato counterparts in brussels monday for talks likely to be clouded by a new european union defense initiative facing a cool reception from washington .
hong kong share prices were #.## percent higher in opening trade on monday boosted by better-than-expected gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- data released last friday , dealers said .
the euro climbed to a record high against the dollar on monday , reaching #.#### dollars , dealers said .
the euro climbed to a new all-time high against the dollar on monday , reaching #.#### dollars , dealers said .
the us military said it killed ## people , allegedly all of them attackers , when their convoys came under ambush several times as they passed through the iraqi town of samarra , although residents said return fire by us troops also killed innocent bystanders .
south korea 's daewoo shipbuilding and marine engineering co. said monday it had secured orders for seven vessels worth ### million dollars .
voting began early monday for assembly elections in four indian states , the results of which could have an impact on prime minister atal behari vajpayee 's hindu nationalists ahead of general elections next year .
german chancellor gerhard schroeder arrived in china monday for an official four-day visit accompanied by an array of political and business leaders keen to tap into the countries ' lucrative potential .
oil prices were lower in asian trade monday , dealers said .
the united states has given no indication that either of the two australians among ### prisoners held at the guantanamo bay naval base in cuba is likely to be released soon , australian officials said monday .
the runaway success of the lord of the rings movie trilogy may be followed by a screen version of jrr tolkien 's original work , the hobbit , although it would be a few years away , film executives hinted here monday .
the euro touched all-time highs against the dollar monday as the market focused on concerns about the huge us current account deficit against a backdrop of increasing uncertainty and violence in iraq , dealers said .
morocco has sent home ### illegal nigerian immigrants , in the first such repatriation by the north african country , the moroccan interior ministry said late sunday .
the runaway success of the lord of the rings movie trilogy may be followed by a screen version of jrr tolkien 's original work , the hobbit , although it would be a few years away , film executives hinted here monday .
the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- and vietnam signed a ##-million dollar soft loan monday aimed at developing and improving upper secondary education in the communist nation .
south korea posted a trade surplus of #.## billion dollars in november , the highest monthly figure in ## months due to brisk exports , officials said monday .
a delegation from the simon wiesenthal center will have a private audience with pope john paul ii at the vatican on monday `` to discuss the proliferation of anti-semitism worldwide , '' the group said in statement said sunday .
philippine share prices closed #.## higher monday as select stocks staged a technical bounce after recent declines , dealers said .
hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher in morning trade on monday boosted by better-than-expected gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- data released on friday , dealers said .
an undersea earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale struck northern taiwan friday but no damage or casualties were immediately reported , the central weather bureau said .
australia reached ## for two at tea in reply to pakistan 's first innings of ### on the second day of the third and final test here friday .
east timor 's jailed resistance leader xanana gusmao has accused australian leaders in a recording broadcast here friday of betraying the conscience of the australian people by kowtowing to indonesia .
jessica foschi , the ##-year-old us swimmer who was not suspended after testing positive for steroids , took third in the ###-meter freestyle here thursday at the us open championships .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher friday with the nikkei stock average buoyed by futures-led buying and bargain-hunting in selective issues , brokers said .
taiwanese businesses are gloomy about their investments in china with ## percent saying deteriorating relations across the taiwan strait have damaged confidence , a survey said friday .
more than #,### chinese pensioners blocked traffic in the middle of wuhan city for more than three hours friday to protest at a ## percent increase in the price of tickets for local parks , an official said .
bad light stopped play at #.## pm -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- on the second day of the third australia v pakistan test here friday .
cuban president fidel castro spent half an hour friday visiting the great wall of china under tight security and well wrapped up against the cold .
japanese share prices edged up friday with the key market barometer closing #.# percent higher on futures-led buying and renewed bargain - hunting in selective issues .
the dollar was steady against major currencies here friday amid a lack of fresh trading incentives ahead of the weekend , dealers said .
australia were ### for three in reply to pakistan 's first innings ### when bad light stopped play on the second day of the third test here friday .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan will be summoned on saturday for questioning in connection with the #### kwangju massacre , prosecutors said friday .
close scores from the second day of the third test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground on friday .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan was summoned on friday to submit himself for questioning on saturday for questioning in connection with the #### kwangju massacre .
the ruling democratic liberal party -lrb- dlp -rrb- joined forces with the opposition friday in censuring one of its mps for calling moves to punish the masterminds of the #### kwangju massacre a ` leftist plot .
the fifth summit of leaders of the association of south east asian nations -lrb- asean -rrb- in bangkok later this month , is expected to sign a nuclear free zone treaty , indonesian foreign minister ali alatas said friday .
israeli shelling of south lebanon wounded three people on the outskirts of the town of nabatiyeh , security services said friday .
hong kong share prices closed #.# percent higher friday on heavy buying of blue chips amid fresh speculation about a us interest rate cut , dealers said .
a man was arrested friday after he allegedly attempted to use a truck loaded with ## kilos -lrb- ### pounds -rrb- of gunpowder to blow up the presidential residence and kill president lee teng-hui , government officials said .
an indonesian court in dili , east timor friday jailed the former driver of incarcerated rebel leader xanana gusmao to over six years on charges of taking part in separatist activities , a judge said .
security was tight at the regional court here friday ahead of the appearance later in the day of former defense minister magnus malan and ## other men in connection with a #### massacre .
the ##-year-old widow of a prominent south korean dissident was handed a suspended jail sentence on friday for visiting north korea without permission , yonhap news agency said .
the rand weakened against the dollar in early trade here friday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback against a close of #.#### \/ ## on thursday .
china 's gold reserves have increased by #,### tonnes in the past five years to #,### tonnes , representing average annual output growth of #.# percent , xinhua said friday .
turkish writer yasar kemal was acquitted by the state security court here friday on charges of spreading `` separatist propaganda '' in an article written for the german magazine , der spiegel .
two strong earthquakes registering five and seven respectively on the open-ended richter scale have rocked the kuril islands off the russian far eastern coast over the past ## hours , interfax news agency reported friday .
prime minister shimon peres has demanded that the plo take stronger action against palestinian militants after two israeli soldiers were shot near the newly autonomous west bank town of jenin .
jet planes dropped two bombs on kabul airport friday , damaging the runway but causing no major casualties in the third air raid on the besieged afghan capital in two weeks , army sources said .
president bill clinton headed for the irish republic friday after an historic tour of northern ireland in which he made an aggressive push for peace .
former defense minister magnus malan and ## other people , including five apartheid-era generals and a vice-admiral , were formally indicted on ## counts of murder in the regional court here friday .
air services throughout new zealand will face disruption monday despite scheduled weekend talks aimed at averting a three-day air traffic controllers ' strike .
a young woman suspected of helping to assassinate yitzhak rabin was released on friday and placed under house arrest for seven days , a police spokesman said .
south korean military units have been ordered to step up vigilance because of a buildup of fighter planes and bombers by north korea near the demilitarized zone , the military said friday .
a man was arrested friday over an attempt to use a small truck loaded with ## kilos -lrb- ### pounds -rrb- of gunpowder to kill taiwan president lee teng-hui , government officials said .
china and a joint commission from russia , kazakhstan , kyrghyzstan and tajikistan have ended a ##th round of border talks here , tackling disputes in a `` serious and practical '' way , xinhua said friday .
the ruble made slight gains against the dollar on the moscow interbank market friday , changing hands at #,### rubles to the greenback up from #,### rubles the previous day .
the japanese unit of cable and wireless plc announced friday that the london-based telecommunications company would start operating a global internet exchange network by may next year .
the number of people out of work in germany is expected to grow in the coming months and could reach four million if the winter is very cold , the head of the federal labor said friday .
a young woman suspected of helping to assassinate yitzhak rabin was released on friday and placed under house arrest for seven days , a police spokesman said .
the nato council on friday resumed talks on authorising the sending of a #,###-strong `` enabling '' force to bosnia-hercegovina and croatia .
us president bill clinton arrived here friday after a historic visit to northern ireland during which he made an impassioned plea for peace and reconciliation .
china has begun mass production of its new-look red flag luxury sedan , hoping that this sleek version of the communist cadillac will enable the car to compete with imports , xinhua reported friday .
nearly ## people were injured while scrambling out of a kuwait airways plane at an airport in southern india on friday after a passenger claimed he had a bomb in his briefcase , an indian news agency said .
around a quarter of the #,### employees at the naval shipyards in cherbourg went on strike on friday morning , management and unions said .
scoreboard at the end of the south african innings on the second day of the second test against england here friday .
aids awareness campaigners distributed condoms and leaflets in jakarta 's red light district friday , as islamic leaders condemned the handout of condoms and the city 's biggest mosque ignored a government request to include aids education in friday prayers .
queensland were poised for outright victory over western australia at the halfway stage of their sheffield shield cricket match here friday .
shares here continued to rise to a new all-time high early friday , driven by continued expectations of a drop in british interest rates , dealers said .
new zealand cricket was again in turmoil friday as top batsman martin crowe returned home with a bad knee just as last year 's dumped captain ken rutherford was denouncing some of his former team mates as `` liars and cheats '' .
scorecard at the close of the opening day of the four-day cricket match between tasmania and sri lanka here friday .
south korean military units have been ordered to step up vigilance because of an unusual buildup of fighter planes and bombers by north korea near the demilitarized zone , the military said friday .
sri lanka on friday dubbed the release of six army deserters by tamil tiger guerrillas as an `` <unk> , '' and said the rebels should free everyone in their custody if they were sincere about peace .
two burmese opposition groups friday called for a dialogue with military rulers in rangoon as the sole means of achieving national reconciliation .
thirty-seven people were injured during an emergency evacuation of a kuwait airways plane here friday after a passenger claimed he had a bomb in his briefcase , airport sources said .
frenchman jean-louis guepy shot a course record ##-under-par ## to climb within one shot of leader craig parry in the second round of the greg norman holden classic golf tournament here friday .
egypt 's opposition parties won only two seats in partial election results announced friday as president hosni mubarak 's ruling party headed for victory after a campaign that left ## people dead .
scoreboard at lunch on the second day of the second test between south africa and england here friday .
us president bill clinton and his wife hillary , arrived in ireland friday to a <unk> military welcome , replete with cannon salutes and air force jets overhead .
nick leeson , the former chief of baring futures -lrb- singapore -rrb- pte .
zimbabwe has hanged a condemned prisoner for killing a policeman , the country 's first execution in seven years , press reports said friday .
kashmir 's leading moslem cleric offered friday to act as a mediator in a bid to secure the release of four western tourists held by a shadowy moslem separatist group for nearly five months .
japanese share prices edged up #.# percent friday on futures-led buying , while most other asian markets rallied on renewed speculation of us interest rate cut , dealers said .
egypt 's opposition parties won only two seats in partial election results announced friday as president hosni mubarak 's ruling party headed for victory after a campaign that left ## people dead .
south korean military units have been ordered to tighten vigilance because of an unusual buildup of fighter planes and bombers by north korea near the demilitarized zone , the military said friday .
taiwanese authorities arrested ## people for vote buying in the run-up to weekend parliamentary elections , justice minister ying-jeou ma announced friday .
net gains by the dollar helped the european currencies consolidate their positions against the mark on the european markets early friday , but the french franc which remained under pressure .
unidentified gunmen shot dead a senior mp from india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party and his driver friday in the home state of prime minister p.v. narasimha rao , the press trust of india said .
unidentified gunmen shot dead a senior mp from india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party and his bodyguard on friday in the home state of prime minister p.v. narasimha rao , the press trust of india -lrb- pti -rrb- said .
a rebel commander was on friday convicted by the high court of undergoing illegal military training abroad with the intention of overthrowing the zimbabwean government .
nato ambassadors on friday approved the deployment of #,###-strong enabling force in bosnia-hercegovina and croatia , signalling the start of the biggest operation in the alliance 's history , nato announced .
developing countries harbor ## percent of all aids-infected people , but only receive ## percent of global expenditure to fight the fatal disease , the world bank said in a report .
the leaders of two of liberia 's armed factions have agreed to guarantee security and free movement of people in areas under their control , a government statement said here friday .
president nelson mandela marked world aids day on friday with a plea to all south africans to unite in the fight against the killer disease .
the turkish parliament will convene monday for an extraordinary session to discuss a draft bill to cancel general election due december ## , parliament speaker ismat sezgin announced friday .
dissatisfaction with umpiring decisions flared into open hostility on the opening day of sri lanka 's cricket tour match with tasmania here friday .
almost ## delegations from the world 's french-speaking countries are due to attend a summit opening here saturday , aimed at making the presence of francophone countries more clearly felt on the international stage .
armed bandits are terrorising people of <unk> district near the southern border with mozambique , police spokesman willie <unk> said friday .
nato on friday launched the biggest operation in its history , approving the dispatch of a #,###-strong advance team to bosnia and croatia to clear the way for the deployment of the heavily armed force that will police the recent us-brokered peace accords .
ground staff overran runways at a paris airport on friday as france 's crippling transport strike spread .
aids awareness campaigners distributed condoms in jakarta 's red light district to mark world aids day friday , as islamic leaders condemned the handout and the city 's biggest mosque ignored a government request to include aids education in friday prayers .
south korean president kim young sam said friday a sudden buildup of north korean warplanes near the dmz could herald an attack , but the north accused the south of whipping up war fears as a diversion from its own political turmoil .
russian alexei yagudin won the men 's final in a close finish with japan 's takeshi honda at the world junior figure skating championships here friday .
french companies expect strikes to be extended next week , warning that the stop-gap arrangements they have made so far will have to be replaced increasingly by steps to lay off workers .
irish prime minister john bruton on friday saluted the `` crucial role '' played in the northern ireland peace process by visiting us president bill clinton .
a man was arrested friday over an attempt to use a small truck loaded with ## kilograms -lrb- ### pounds -rrb- of gunpowder to kill taiwan president lee teng-hui , government officials said .
the french car market slumped by nine percent in november from the figure for november #### to ###,### vehicles , the ccfa trade federation said friday .
england 's paul gascoigne , who was involved in controversial headbutting and elbowing incidents against aberdeen last month , was suspended for two matches by the scottish football association .
phillip defreitas , veteran of two world cup campaigns , has been overlooked again by england .
the cost of living fell in argentina last month due to a #.# percent drop in prices in the food and drink sector , the government announced friday .
scoreboard at tea on the second day of the second test between south africa and england here friday .
five people died friday when a greek ship caught fire in the croatian port of rijeka , hina news agency reported .
the supreme court in ho chi minh city confirmed thursday the sentences handed down to an american art dealer and two thais for drug trafficking , the daily newspaper saigon <unk> phong reported friday .
ong ewe hock of malaysia advanced to the last four stage of the ###,###-dollar world grand prix badminton finals on friday owing a favor to dane poul-erik hoyer-larsen and injured indonesian hendrawan .
australia 's rodney eyles lived up to his number two world ranking by qualifying for the final of the qatar international squash championship with a win over compatriot brett martin here on friday .
allan donald rattled the england top order with two early wickets on the second day of the second test against england here friday .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic called on france friday to do `` something big for the serbs '' to secure the release of two of its pilots shot down over bosnia-hercegovina .
at least ## tamil tiger guerrillas were killed in fierce fighting friday when sri lankan troops tried to open a new front to seize the besieged town of jaffna in the island 's north , the military said .
the first troops from the nato peace force will arrive in bosnia on saturday , nato sources said friday after the alliance authorised the deployment of an advance force of #,### non-combat troops .
moslem militants urged egyptians on friday to take up arms against the government after accusing it of ballot-rigging during parliamentary elections .
hong kong chief secretary anson chan told french business leaders friday to expect a `` successful transformation '' to chinese sovereignty in #### , despite never-ending worries about the future of the british territory .
the first troops from the nato peace force will arrive in bosnia - hercegovina saturday , nato officials said friday after the alliance authorised the deployment of an advance force of #,### non-combat troops .
the paris bourse was stuck on a downtrend again in the first part of the friday session , due to a feeble french franc and to continuing big strikes in france , traders said in early afternoon .
employment in canada fell by ##,### jobs in november , wiping out more than half the gains of the previous three months , the government reported friday .
israel pressed on with its redeployment on the west bank on friday after announcing a ##-hour suspension sparked by the kidnapping of two border guards , a senior military official said .
us president bill clinton angrily defended sending ##,### us troops to bosnia as part of a nato peacekeeping force , asking `` every american , ` how would you have felt ' '' if other nations had turned their backs when washington asked for help .
the spanish presidency of the european union will ask the european commission to delay the planned conference of donor countries contributing to reconstruction of former yugoslavia , slated for december ##-## in brussels , a source close to the presidency said on friday .
saudi arabia 's highest religious authority , the council of ulema , banned private lotteries on friday , arguing that they were games of chance prohibited by islam .
ambassadors from the ## nato countries met here friday to find a consensus on spanish foreign minister javier solana as the alliance 's new chief , diplomats said .
swedish-swiss industrial group abb announced on friday that it has won a contract worth ### million kronor -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- for supplying kuwait with energy transformers .
after clashes between police and armed guerrillas left nine people dead , the commando unit officially surrendered friday , putting an end to a ##-hour <unk> in which an entire family was taken hostage .
finnish telecommunications group nokia will establish strategic alliances in all product areas in a bid to increase the company 's flexibility , a nokia spokesman said friday .
nato ambassadors agreed friday to name spanish foreign minister javier solana new secretary general of the ##-nation atlantic alliance , diplomats said .
hong kong government first secretary anson chan on friday downplayed french investors ' worries about the future of hong kong , which she said is `` looking beyond #### with total confidence in -lrb- its -rrb- projects for the future '' .
prime minister shimon peres and russian defense minister pavel grachev signed a letter of intent here on friday boosting their countries ' military cooperation , the israeli defense ministry announced .
baxter international inc. , said friday its board has approved a plan to create two publicly traded entities , a medical technology company and a healthcare cost management company .
manufacturing output in the united states slowed in november when the composite index of leading economic indicators fell to ##.# points from ##.# points the month before , manufacturers reported friday .
the colombian capital will see some #,### murders in #### , making it one of the most violent cities in the world , with december likely to be the deadliest time of year , officials said friday .
wall street opened higher friday after falling the previous day , with bonds stable ahead of the release of economic figures for november .
cuban president fidel castro said friday in a meeting with chinese prime minister li peng that cuba 's economy was improving , particularly in the agricultural sector , tha xinhua news agency reported .
nato ambassadors agreed friday to nominate spanish foreign minister javier solana new secretary general of the ##-nation atlantic alliance , diplomats said .
world champions italy captured their first-ever men 's volleyball world cup on friday with brazil and the netherlands to join them at the atlanta olympic games next year .
a beaming , elated us president bill clinton on friday was awarded dublin 's highest honor , the `` freedom of dublin , '' becoming the ##rd person in history -- including pope john paul ii and john f. kennedy -- to become a `` freeman of dublin .
winning men 's and women 's teams at the next world cup volleyball tournament in #### are expected to receive one million swiss francs -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- each , the international volleyball federation -lrb- fivb -rrb- president ruben acosta said friday .
miners in vorkuta in russia 's far north called off a threatened strike friday after a last-minute agreement drawing up a timetable for payment of wages they have been owed since august , itar-tass news agency reported .
finnish industrial group amer will sell its <unk> oy <unk> unit , which imports tires , to the bridgestone corp unit bridgestone\/firestone europe , amer said friday .
the government has unveiled a timetable for partial privatisation of france telecom to satisfy pressure from abroad , but inflaming the strike crisis which might engulf the telecommunications service from monday .
baxter international inc. said friday its board has approved a plan to create two publicly traded entities , a medical technology company and a health-care cost management company .
nick price fired off five birdies in a barnstorming back nine here on friday , as the zimbabwean took a three-stroke halfway lead in the million dollar challenge .
the argentine senate unanimously approved a resolution officially declaring the tango a `` cultural treasure '' of argentina , officials said friday .
the chinese charge d'affaires in london , wang qiliang , was summoned to the foreign office friday to explain comments by a chinese official who accused hong kong governor chris patten of behaving like a `` big dictator '' .
red cross and red crescent representatives from around the world gather here sunday for a one-off conference at which delegates are expected to push governments to wake up to the growing problem of civilian casualties of war .
negotiations to bring chile into a south american common market by hammering out a framework agreement on a free trade zone have failed but talks are continuing , sources close to the talks said friday .
french president jacques chirac , embattled on the home front by social unrest and crippling strikes , arrived here friday for a francophone summit aimed at making the presence of french-speaking countries more clearly felt on the international stage .
the former commander of the un mission in rwanda denied any responsibility friday in the deaths of ## belgian peacekeepers last year when the bloodbath erupted in the african country .
prosecutors claimed friday to have established a direct link between the apartheid military machine and political violence which has ravaged kwazulu-natal province over the past decade .
scoreboard at the close of play on the second day of the second test between south africa and england here friday .
the french commander of un forces in sarejevo hit out at the dayton peace accords friday , only to find himself in the line of fire from the bosnian government .
after clashes between police and armed guerrillas left at least six people dead , the commando unit officially surrendered friday and released a family it had taken hostage , police said .
friday 's appointment of spanish foreign minister javier solana madariaga as secretary general of nato makes him the ninth chief of the north atlantic alliance since it was founded in #### amid the cold war .
france abruptly dismissed bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic 's suggestion friday that paris to `` do something big for the serbs '' to help win the release of two pilots missing for the past three months .
australia 's samantha riley broke the women 's world short course ###m breastroke record here on friday with #min ##.## at the world short course swimming championships .
us mediator peter galbraith held a new round of talks with rebel serbs in croatia 's eastern slavonia region friday , tanjug news agency reported .
the bolivian army began digging at the airport here friday in hopes of exhuming the body of legendary guerrilla leader che guevara , buried here ## years ago .
maoist gunmen shot dead a prominent mp from india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party and his bodyguard on friday in the homestate of prime minister p.v. narasimha rao , but police caught one of the alleged killers .
french railway unions extended a week-long strike friday after talks with transport minister bernard pons broke down , union officials said .
the dollar dropped slightly friday against the german mark after the release of figures showing us manufacturing activity slowing down last month .
the ##-year-old son of outgoing president lech walesa was charged with drunk driving friday after allegedly causing a car crash and driving without a licence , judicial sources said .
new zealand yachtsman peter blake , winner of the #### americas cup , called on top sailing teams not to give up in their quest for victory in the sport 's oldest race .
us president bill clinton , parched after two days of speeches here and in northern ireland , took time out for a pint of irish stout in a south dublin pub friday afternoon .
the norwegian finance ministry on friday raised its forecast for #### gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- growth on the mainland to #.## percent in its final #### budget bill from #.## percent in the october draft , the ministry said .
health ministers and senior officials from more than ## countries began arriving here friday ahead of a commonwealth health ministers conference starting this weekend .
an average of five us companies a month invested in south africa during #### , the us-based investor responsibility research centre said friday .
the canadian government refused to comment friday on the whereabouts of former mexican president carlos salinas or whether it had received a request from mexico for his extradition .
bankruptcies and foreclosures have soared ## percent amid a <unk> economic crisis in argentina this year in what economists say was a spillover from the mexican peso 's plunge .
un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata is to visit the former yugoslavia next week , a spokesman for the un refugee agency said friday .
a manuscript of the novel `` all quiet on the western front '' by german writer erich maria <unk> was sold friday for ###,### pounds -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- , sotheby 's auction house said here .
french railways will continue their strike for a ninth day saturday and no paris metro trains will run over the weekend while unions at the domestic airline air inter friday called an unlimited stoppage for thursday .
sniper fire rang out in sarajevo on friday for the first time in weeks , wounding one resident of the bosnian capital .
the french franc fell on friday on the london forex market , but clawed back part of its losses late in the day , while the dollar gave up part of its gains against the german mark .
russia and usa were level at #-# in the davis cup final here on friday when american pete sampras and russian yevgeny kafelnikov won their singles matches .
kmart said friday it had ended talks on the sale of its canadian operations and would continue to operate its ### stores in canada .
france abruptly dismissed bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic 's suggestion friday that paris to `` do something big for the serbs '' in order to help win the release of two pilots missing for the past three months .
mexican financial authorities suspended trading in shares of inverlat , mexico 's fifth largest financial group , on friday in anticipation of its takeover by federal authorities .
bosnian croat militia -lrb- hvo -rrb- on friday ransacked and burned more houses of serbs living in two western bosnian towns , <unk> and mrkonjic grad , scheduled for return to the serbs , a un spokesman said .
syrian president hafez al-assad and king juan carlos of spain telephoned friday to ask about the health of the hospitalized king fahd , the official saudi press agency reported .
pakistan has told ## french members of a non-governmental organization working on its territory and in neighbouring afghanistan to leave , reportedly over accusations that they aided the government in kabul .
two world records tumbled at the world short course swimming championships here on friday , after stirring performances by australia 's samantha riley and claudia poll of costa rica .
hundreds of angry malawi primary school pupils staged a protest march on friday to president bakili muluzi 's residence to demand he end a teachers strike , littering the road to the palace with mango peels .
britain suffered a trade deficit of ### million pounds in september , against #.## billion the previous month , the central statistics office announced on friday .
countries and international organizations that grant aid to vietnam pledged on friday at a meeting in paris to supply the country with assistance amounting to around #.# billion dollars next year , while encouraging hanoi to speed up structural reforms .
two major cosmetics makers are smearing each other 's claims in a bruising battle over a new lipstick product that is designed not to rub off .
scotland 's tracey <unk> ran out a convincing winner when she hit a closing round of ## to top the field in the #### european tour qualifying school tournament here on friday .
spanish foreign minister javier solana was poised to take over the reins of the north atlantic treaty organisation friday after nato ambassadors agreed to nominate him to the alliance 's top civilian job .
the dollar stabilized against most major currencies in quiet midday trading here following release of disappointing economic figures for manufacturing .
at least eight people were injured in clashes between moslems and christians in ghana 's second city , police on the scene said friday .
france 's luc alphand , the reigning world cup downhill champion , won this season 's first downhill race here friday .
russia and usa were level at #-# in the davis cup final here on friday , following victories for pete sampras and yevgeny kafelnikov in their singles matches .
the united states is `` very pleased '' with the decision to nominate spanish foreign minister javier solana to head the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- , the state department said friday .
two men drowned and ## other people , all believed to be immigrants seeking entry to italy from albania , were missing and feared dead on friday after their inflatable boat sank overnight , italian port officials said .
the united states and its european partners friday welcomed the decision by nato 's decision-making body to nominate spanish foreign minister javier solana to the atlantic alliance 's top civilian job .
air france and its domestic subsidiary air inter will be hit by strike action next thursday after staff decided to join railway and metro workers already paralysing the country 's transport system .
the united states is `` very pleased '' with the decision to nominate spanish foreign minister javier solana to head the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- , the state department said friday .
former finnish prime minister harri holkeri , named to the commission to oversee paramilitary disarmament in northern ireland , said friday he was already pessimistic about the commission 's first deadline .
sinn fein leader gerry adams was one of the ### guests at a state banquet in dublin for us president bill clinton , although david trimble , northern ireland 's main protestant leader , turned down an invitation , officials said .
a maltese-registered ship , the mount olympus , is listing badly and in danger of breaking up in gale force winds #,### kilometres -lrb- ### miles -rrb- southeast of halifax , rescue officials said friday .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma is to make a five day visit to china , starting on sunday , a presidential spokesman said .
france 's luc alphand , the reigning world cup downhill champion , made a dream start to the defense of his title here on friday , winning the first downhill of the new season .
nine people died and ## were injured when an explosion tore apart an apartment building housing a film crew in the algerian town of <unk> on friday , rescue officials said .
colombian painter and sculptor fernando botero may be questioned in connection with an investigation into his adult children 's financial affairs , the attorney general 's office announced .
frank sinatra 's personal belongings -- from a metal mailbox and a piano to a green jaguar coupe -- drew two million dollars at auction here friday , christie 's said .
a dozen quebec separatists , citing a lack of will among traditional political parties , have formed a secret movement dedicated to the political `` liberation '' of the province , the daily le <unk> said friday .
coca-cola corp. intends to spend some ### million dollars to more than double its investments in russian plants from now until the end of #### , the firm said in a statement friday .
nine people died and ## were injured when explosives being prepared for a film crew went off accidentally on friday , tearing apart an apartment building in algeria , rescue officials said .
us trade representative mickey kantor berated congress friday for seeking to deny the us administration broad authority to negotiate free-trade agreements .
pete sampras , who had to be carried off court after scoring a dramatic five-set victory over andrei chesnokov in the first singles of the davis cup final here , reassured his american teammates late friday by saying that he will be firing on all cylinders when he faces russian number-one yevgeny kafelnikov on sunday .
spanish foreign minister javier solana is an `` excellent choice '' to head the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- , a us official traveling with the president said friday .
bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic said friday he did not know who was holding two french pilots missing for three months , but would not hold them to ransom if they were found .
blue-chip stocks posted modest gains friday as long-term interest rates eased , but a strong rally early in the trading session fizzled .
a woman was shot dead and ## people were wounded , including ## policemen , in protests friday which erupted after the official results of egypt 's parliamentary elections , police said .
president fernando henrique cardoso urged lawmakers friday to push forward with the amazon surveillance system -lrb- <unk> -rrb- despite allegations of corruption in awarding #.# billion dollars in contracts .
members of the palestine national council -lrb- pnc -rrb- met here friday with plo leader yasser arafat to discuss the proposed draft electoral law for the self-rule polls due on january ## .
ukrainian and western officials have clinched a deal to close the chernobyl nuclear power plant but thorny issues surrounding the timing and financing of the shutdown remain unresolved , ukraine 's foreign ministry said friday .
king fahd thanked foreign leaders from hospital here friday for their concern over his health , the official saudi press agency -lrb- spa -rrb- reported .
borussia dortmund opened up a five point lead over bayern munich on top of the german first division friday when they came back after trailing by an early goal to beat munich #### #-# .
the swedish hotel chain scandic has signed a cooperation deal with the british-owned hotel group holiday inn , scandic said friday .
blue-chips continued their record-setting pace this week , with the dow industrials hitting three more all-time highs before profit-taking and computer-driven sell orders brought prices back down .
twelve people died and ## were injured when explosives being prepared for a film crew went off accidentally on friday , tearing apart an apartment building in algeria , local officials said .
lens , lively #-# home winners over metz closed the gap on pacesetters paris st germain to six points friday after the leaders were held #-# at guingamp .
france 's reigning world cup downhill champion luc alphand picked up where he left off last season here on friday -- winning the season 's first alpine downhill ski race .
the dollar drifted in a narrow range friday against the other major currencies except the yen following release of disappointing economic figures for us manufacturing .
britain 's laura davies and mark mccumber of the united states fired a six-under-par ## here friday to take a one stroke lead midway through the #.# million-dollar pga-lpga classic .
twelve people were detained friday , including at least three argentine army officers , in connection with a car bombing of a jewish center last year that killed ## people , court sources said .
the nato council on friday reached formal agreement on the sending of a ##,###-strong peace implementation force to bosnia-hercegovina , an alliance spokesman said here .
american bantamweight justo sanchez was beaten up while out jogging here friday night .
republican senator mark hatfield from oregon became the ##th us senator friday to announce that he would not seek reelection in #### .
amnesty international usa said friday it urged vice president al gore to press beijing to disclose where the boy the dalai lama named as the number-two tibetan leader is .
spanish foreign minister javier solana is an `` excellent choice '' to head the north atlantic treaty organization , a us official traveling with the president said friday .
traditional asian foods along with moderate consumption of wine , sake and tea represent a model diet , coming from countries with some of the lowest rates of chronic diseases in the world , a group of researchers said friday .
pills and potions made from rhinoceros horn , rare antelopes and deer <unk> , as well as tubes of snake cream containing extract of cobra , were seized here as part of an international police operation , scotland yard said friday .
duke snider , a hall of fame baseball player , was fined #,### dollars and given two years probation for not paying taxes on money from memorabilia shows in a probe that could hit other legends of the game .
police stormed argentina 's main military base and several homes friday in the probe of an anti-jewish carbombing that killed ## people , arresting seven army staff and five civilians , officials said .
the nato council on friday reached formal agreement on the sending of a ##,###-strong peace implementation force to bosnia-hercegovina , an alliance spokesman said here .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan on saturday defied the government and said he would have nothing to do with an enquiry into his role in the #### kwangju massacre .
polls opened in taiwan saturday for key parliamentary elections in which the ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- faces pro-unification and pro- independence parties in what is seen as an indicator for march presidential elections .
an international advisory commission to work out the disarming of paramilitary groups in northern ireland will hold its first meeting in mid-december , a white house spokeswoman said here friday .
the french commander of un forces in sarejevo hit out at the dayton peace accords friday , only to find himself in the line of fire from the bosnian government .
an ##-year-old man employed as santa claus chased and caught a member of a teenage gang who tried to steal a toy car from his department store grotto in this northern english city friday .
rogue financial trader nick leeson was sentenced to six years and six months in prison after a swift trial saturday for violating singapore 's laws in covering up the losses that sank britain 's barings bank .
the united states friday called on burma 's ruling military junta to stop threatening the opposition national league for democracy -lrb- nld -rrb- and engage in a peaceful dialogue .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan on saturday defied the government and said he would would not obey a summons for questioning on the #### kwangju massacre .
mark waugh kept australia on course to overtake pakistan 's first innings total of ### with his ninth test century on the third morning of the third cricket test here saturday .
rogue financial trader nick leeson was sentenced to six-and-a-half years in prison after a swift trial saturday for violating singapore 's laws in covering up the losses that sank britain 's barings bank .
china indicated saturday that a european consortium has the edge over its us rivals in a battle to become the main western partner in a sino-south korean project to develop a ###-seat passenger jet .
un high commissioner for human rights jose ayala lasso was headed for jakarta saturday for a visit to indonesia and the disputed territory of east timor , including a meeting with jailed rebel leader xanana gusmao .
china and vietnam issued a joint communique saturday to mark the end of vietnamese <unk> party general secretary do muoi 's visit , pledging to settle sensitive territorial disputes through peaceful negotiation .
rogue financial trader nick leeson , sentenced to six-and-a-half years in prison saturday for his role in the barings fiasco , could emerge a free man in about <unk> , lawyers said .
liu huaqing , vice-chairman of china 's powerful central military commission , left here saturday for an official visit to russia , xinhua reported .
cuban president fidel castro will visit vietnam after his current tour of china ends on december # , informed sources said here saturday .
us president bill clinton and european union head jacques santer are to sign a wide-ranging transatlantic cooperation agreement sunday to set the seal on a week-long european tour by clinton .
burkina faso prime minister marc kabore said here late thursday that he would pursue a policy of at least two years of austerity `` before sharing the fruits of growth .
mexican boxer gabriel ruelas lost his world boxing council super featherweight title here friday to ghana 's azumah nelson here friday .
mexican boxer gabriel ruelas lost his world boxing council super featherweight title to ghana 's azumah nelson here friday when the referee stopped the fight in the fifth round .
cuban president fidel castro , on the final day of his visit to beijing saturday , laid a wreath inside the mausoleum of china 's late communist leader mao zedong in tiananmen square .
the cambodian government on saturday began moves to expel six us nationals who are suspected of leading an anti-communist group determined to overthrow the vietnamese government .
the dalai lama has urged the united nations to help locate <unk> choekyi nyima , saying he feared for the safety of the boy chosen by him as the ##th reincarnation of the panchen lama , officials said saturday .
sri lanka 's roman catholic church saturday tacitly supported the government 's military campaign against tamil tiger guerrillas and asked the faithful to donate blood to wounded soldiers .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan arrived in his southern home town of <unk> on saturday after defying an order to present himself to prosecutors in seoul for questioning on the #### kwangju massacre , television reports said .
prosecutors said saturday they planned to arrest former south korean president chun doo-hwan after they had received a warrant , yonhap news agency said .
the cambodian government has arrested six us nationals suspected of leading an anti-communist group determined to overthrow the vietnamese government and begun moves to deport them , officials said saturday .
at least ### sri lankan soldiers and tamil tiger guerrillas were killed in heavy fighting in jaffna in the island 's north as the rebel launched a ferocious counter-attack , the military said saturday .
the dalai lama has urged the united nations to locate <unk> choekyi nyima , saying he feared for the safety of the boy chosen by him as the ##th reincarnation of the panchen lama , officials said saturday .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- owes around ##.# billion dollars to foreign creditors and the debt is set to increase in the next two years , an official study said on saturday .
south korean president kim young-sam on saturday signed a general pardon bill <unk> a massive seven million people convicted of minor and petty offences , officials said .
the us rocket <unk> as took off from kennedy space center here saturday carrying the <unk> satellite soho which will be launched on a mission to study the sun .
polling booths closed at #:## p.m. -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- saturday in taiwan 's crucial parliamentary elections , and turnout was about ## percent , election officials said .
us president bill clinton left for germany saturday to inspect us troops bound for bosnia after a triumphant three-day visit to britain and ireland that appeared to restart the deadlocked ulster peace process .
kenya has graduated its first unit of ## tourism police who will deployed immediately in trouble spots hit by a spate of attacks on tourists that officials fear could scare visitors away from kenya , newspapers said saturday .
us secretary of state warren christopher arrived saturday in madrid where he is due to meet spanish foreign minister javier solana who was chosen as nato secretary general .
scorecard at the close of the second day of the four-day cricket match between tasmania and sri lanka here saturday .
craig parry held off all challenges as world number one greg norman spectacularly blew his chances of winning his ###,### us dollar greg norman holden classic golf tournament in the third round here saturday .
queensland moved into second place on the sheffield shield standings after crushing western australia by an innings and ## runs inside three days here saturday .
the official saudi media on saturday continued to put out reassuring statements about the health of king fahd as he began his third day in hospital .
scorecard at the close on the third day of the third and final cricket test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground here saturday .
the <unk> satellite soho was blasted into space by a us rocket here saturday on a mission to study the sun , us space officials said .
roger d'onofrio , a former cia employee with dual <unk> nationality was arrested saturday in rome by police acting on the orders of the naples public prosecutors office , judicial sources said .
thirteen people were killed and ## wounded when explosives being prepared for a film went off accidentally , tearing apart an apartment building in the northern kabylie region , according to an updated toll saturday .
eleven people were killed and ## injured when a lorry and a minibus collided in dawn mist on a desert road between cairo and the northern mediterranean port of alexandria , the daily al-gomhuria said saturday .
swiss people have pledged three million swiss francs -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- to fight aids after an appeal for donations on radio and television to mark world aids day .
the president of the united arab emirates , sheikh zayed ben sultan al - nahyan , on saturday pardoned ### prisoners to mark the ##th anniversary of the creation of the state , the official agency wam said .
us president bill clinton landed here on saturday to visit us troops stationed at nearby <unk> , who will be the first american soldiers to leave for bosnia to implement the us-brokered peace accords .
a first group of ## british soldiers will leave for ex-yugoslavia on monday from the british raf base in <unk> , a spokesman said here confirming the departure date .
<unk> at lunch on the third day of the second test between south africa and england here saturday .
south africa weathered the hammer blow of losing two quick wickets in the opening session on the third day of the second test against england here saturday to go into lunch at ##-# .
us president bill clinton landed here on saturday to visit us troops who will be the first american soldiers to leave for bosnia to implement us-brokered peace accords there .
commonwealth secretary general chief emeka anyaoku arrived in south africa saturday , saying he planned to holds talks with president nelson mandela to discuss further action against nigeria 's military government .
king hussein of jordan called for a free and democratic iraq on saturday and pledged to work for arab unity in a speech to mark the opening of a new session of parliament .
some #,### students clashed with riot police here saturday while attempting to march to the house of former military <unk> - president chun doo-hwan , witnesses said .
georgian president eduard shevardnadze has dissolved an elite forces unit linked to an assassination attempt on him in late august , state security head avtandil iosseliani said saturday .
five greek lawmakers , in a statement released in athens on saturday , accused germany of supporting what they called turkey 's `` dirty war '' against the kurds .
cuban president fidel castro wrapped up the first leg of his historic nine-day visit to china saturday , laying a wreath inside the mausoleum of late communist leader mao zedong in tiananmen square .
roger d'onofrio , an ex-cia employee with dual <unk> nationality , was arrested saturday in an investigation into alleged money laundering and arms trafficking , judicial sources said .
iran is to restart next month repatriating tens of thousands of afghan refugees through turkmenistan under un supervision , the official news agency irna reported saturday .
king hussein of jordan called for a free and democratic iraq on saturday and pledged to work for arab unity in a speech to mark the opening of a new parliamentary session .
algerian security forces launched a major search operation at midday saturday in the center of the capital following a reported attack .
russian president boris yeltsin has withdrawn perks allowing sports and charity groups to import tobacco and alcohol without paying customs duties , the interfax news agency reported saturday .
king hussein of jordan called for a free and democratic iraq on saturday and pledged to work for arab unity in a speech to mark the opening of a new parliamentary session .
formula one driver mika hakkinen left here saturday for home three weeks after his horror crash during qualifying for last month 's season-ending australian formula one grand prix .
taiwan 's ruling kuomintang maintained its majority in parliament following elections saturday , kmt officials said .
the government on saturday gave police special powers to cordon off and search a johannesburg suburb the morning after a gang went on a rampage there and gunned down six people .
taiwan 's ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- maintained its majority in parliament following elections saturday , the central election commission said .
france remained locked in a national crisis saturday as rail and metro workers continued to strike over a government cuts program and other public sector workers prepared to join them .
thirty sailors were saturday airlifted by helicopter off an ore ship which was on the point of sinking in rough seas in the north atlantic , coastguards here said .
south africa were ### runs ahead with six second inning wickets standing at tea on the third day of the second test against england at the wanderers here saturday .
controversial goalkeeper bruce grobbelaar , currently facing charges of match-rigging , was suspended by his club southampton on saturday for failing to show up for a league match .
liberian faction leader charles taylor has donated ###,### kilos of rice to striking public school teachers to ease their demands , a government statement said saturday .
the president of djibouti , hassan gouled aptidon , was taken ill saturday at the opening of the sixth summit of french-speaking countries in benin , according to an afp correspondent .
us president bill clinton on saturday formally approved plans for the deployment of nato troops in bosnia , with the first batch of troops to be deployed within ## to ## hours , a senior us military official said here .
the seoul district court on saturday issued an arrest warrant for former south korean president chun doo-hwan after he had defied a prosecutor 's summons and left for his hometown , television reports said .
daniel cohn-bendit , leader of the may #### french student uprising which led to national unrest , said saturday the only way to resolve the strikes crippling france was to organise early elections .
south african coach bob woolmer was disciplined for criticising the umpiring in the second test against england here saturday .
one hundred people have died from aids in iran in the past ## years and ### others are infected with the virus , health minister alireza marandi said saturday .
a group of ## fundamentalists accused of planning political attacks in egypt after being trained in sudan pleaded not guilty when they went on trial for their lives here saturday .
south african police said saturday that they were searching for an english amateur cricketer who has gone missing since he arrived in the country four days ago .
world champion jansher khan won the qatar international championship for the fourth year running with an emphatic win over the world number two from australia rodney eyles .
british novelist salman rushdie , target of an assassination order from iran 's late ayatollah ruhollah <unk> , was denied a seat on a swissair flight to zurich last month , a swiss newspaper reported saturday .
pete sampras , carried off court in pain after his singles victory on friday , teamed up with todd martin to give the united states a #-# lead in the davis cup final against russia here on saturday .
nick price dropped three shots in the last three holes to squander a three-point overnight lead and go into the final day of the million dollar challenge sharing the lead with u.s. open champion corey pavin .
thirty crew members were plucked from a foundering iron ore ship in a daring helicopter rescue early saturday , the canadian coast guard said .
saudi arabia has spent more than a trillion dollars over the past ## years to face domestic development needs and expand its non-oil sector , an official report said on saturday .
a un mission surveying the needs of an international police force to help implement the bosnian peace accords met with leaders of the self - proclaimed `` serb republic '' here saturday .
djibouti president hassan gouled aptidon broke off his visit to the sixth summit of french-speaking countries in benin on saturday after falling ill and was on his way to france for medical tests , his office said here .
pope john paul ii said saturday that the catholic faith was weakening in western countries and that people who considered themselves believers were unaware of basic religious truths .
troops on saturday reopened a strategic highway to the south of sierra leone after fighting that left more than ## rebels dead , military sources said .
a us congressional delegation met serbian president slobodan milosevic on saturday to seek guarantees that us troops due to be sent to police a peace deal in bosnia are able to carry out their mandate in safety .
china 's limin liu broke the ###m butterfly world record at the world short course swimming championships here on saturday .
the french commander of un troops in sarajevo defended himself saturday from bosnian criticism after he went public with his reservations about the dayton , ohio , peace accords .
armed with a court arrest warrant , investigators on saturday rushed south to arrest former south korean president chun doo-hwan charged with leading a #### military rebellion , a judge and prosecutors said .
bosnian serb military leader general ratko mladic on saturday hit out at the bosnia peace deal and called his troops to `` defend the borders '' of the self-styled serb republic , the srna news agency reported .
england , despite the fine wicketkeeping of jack russell , were left staring defeat in the face as south africa 's batsmen took control of the second test at the wanderers here on saturday .
princess michael of kent was taken to hospital by ambulance after an accident while riding with a scottish hunt on saturday .
some ## supporters of the kurdistan workers party -lrb- pkk -rrb- occupied the premises of a kurdish association in munich on saturday and threatened to blow it up , police said .
palestinian leaders on saturday rejected a proposal to guarantee seats for women in the self-rule council to be elected next month but agreed to reserve places for the christian minority , officials said .
manchester united moved a point nearer premiership leaders newcastle as they drew #-# against chelsea at old <unk> on saturday .
santa claus came out against french nuclear testing in the south pacific on saturday , with a dozen saint nicks marching outside the french embassy in the norwegian capital .
a somali faction warned saturday it would not guarantee the security in somalia of a special europen union envoy it accuses of meddling in the country 's internal affairs .
bayern munich kept up the pressure on bundesliga leaders borussia dortmund on saturday with a crushing #-# win over schalke .
us president bill clinton left germany for madrid on saturday after paying a special visit to us troops headed for bosnia-hercegovina to help police peace accords there .
armed with a court arrest warrant , investigators on saturday rushed south to arrest former south korean president chun doo-hwan , who is charged with leading a #### military coup , a judge and prosecutors said .
michael johnson won his second consecutive jesse owens award as the top us athlete during ceremonies at the usa track and field convention .
a retired general who told where the bolivian army buried legendary guerrilla leader che guevara after killing him in #### has been placed under house arrest , a senior military official said .
bayern munich kept up the pressure on bundesliga leaders borussia dortmund on saturday with a #-# thrashing of schalke .
at least ## people were killed and ## wounded in fighting between <unk> and abgal clan militiamen at a nearby village , travellers reaching here from the area said saturday .
a court on saturday jailed two bodyguards of king fahd 's brother for three months after they beat up two egyptians in a case which caused fury here .
england flanker tim rodber and matt dawson were the outstanding influences in a fine display by a midlands side as they crushed ill - disciplined western samoa ##-## here on saturday .
foreign ministers from the six gulf monarchies opened talks here saturday to prepare the organization 's ##th summit which begins monday , officials said .
world number one tennis player steffi graf had allegedly paid ## million <unk> -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- in extra tax since investigations into her financial affairs began in may , german weekly magazine der spiegel claimed in its monday editions .
two israeli cobra helicopter gunships fired missiles at hezbollah positions in the bekaa valley on saturday , the pro-iranian organization said .
us secretary of state warren christopher met spanish counterpart javier solana on saturday to pave the way for a <unk> summit that could usher in a new era in transatlantic relations .
transvaal overcame the sending-off of tight-head prop <unk> van <unk> for punching to earn a ##-## draw with reigning irish provincial champions munster in a pulsating match here saturday .
dutch prime minister wim kok warned britain on saturday not to exploit any temporary introduction of a `` two-speed europe '' as a way of undermining european economic and monetary union .
colombia 's prices rose ##.# percent through the end of november , slightly above the ## percent target set by the government for the year as a whole , the national statistics department said saturday .
a ##th us senator , republican alan simpson of wyoming , was expected to announce late saturday that he would not seek reelection next year , according to media reports .
sinn fein leader gerry adams on saturday appeared to accept the anglo - irish accord as the basis for breaking the current deadlock in the northern ireland peace process .
world cup overall leader lasse kjus of norway finally moved beyond four second-place finishes so far this season , winning the vail super-g alpine ski race here saturday for his first triumph .
bosnian serb military leader general ratko mladic challenged the bosnia peace deal saturday and called his troops to `` defend the borders '' of the self-styled serb republic , the srna news agency reported .
the president of bosnia 's croat-moslem federation , kresimir zubak , officially resigned from the post saturday , the croatian news agency hina reported .
general maxwell thurman , who led the #### us invasion of panama and engineered the all-volunteer us army , has died of leukemia at the age of ## , it was reported saturday .
the president of bosnia 's croat-moslem federation , kresimir zubak , officially resigned from the post saturday , the croatian news agency hina reported .
security agents raided the campo de mayo military base here for the second time in two days saturday , seizing weapons and explosives believed used in a deadly anti-semitic bombing , police said .
andy cole was the culprit as manchester united failed to make significant ground on leaders newcastle after being held to a #-# draw by injury-hit chelsea at old trafford .
league sides came away unscathed from potential upsets in the fa cup second round on saturday but there will be at least two non-league teams in monday 's third round draw after <unk> and <unk> , and enfield and woking both drew #-# .
nick leeson 's father-in-law said saturday he hoped the former barings trader 's #-#\/# - year jail sentence would end the `` nightmare '' of the past ## months .
england star paul gascoigne was again at the center of his side 's best moves as two goals in a four-minute spell in the second half gave rangers their second victory in edinburgh within a week .
weary venezuelans go to the polls sunday to choose local lawmakers amidst a general mood of disillusionment because of a persistent economic downturn and corruption scandals .
norway 's lasse kjus , a runner-up four times in the first six races of the world cup season , finally broke through here saturday , winning a super-g for his first triumph in seven years on the tour .
us president bill clinton arrived saturday in the spanish capital where he is to attend a <unk> summit and sign a comprehensive cooperation agreement between the united states and the european union .
warwara zelenskaja was heartbroken here saturday after thinking she had become the first russian woman to win a world cup downhill , only to have the race wiped out by alpine ski circuit officials .
yelena bonner , the widow of the scientist and former soviet dissident andrei sakharov , called saturday on chechen voters to boycott russia 's legislative elections and the vote for a new chechen leader , both set for december ## .
french and us tyre rivals michelin and goodyear signed major contracts with polish companies here saturday .
election violence claimed two more lives in egypt on saturday while ## members of the outlawed moslem brotherhood were ordered detained under emergency legislation , police said .
germany 's green party split into two camps at its congress here saturday over german participation in a peace implementation force for bosnia-hercegovina , potentially the most divisive issue facing the country 's third largest political force .
norway 's lasse kjus , a runner-up four times in the first six races of the world cup season , finally broke through here saturday , winning a super-g for his first triumph in seven years on the tour .
davis love and beth daniel combined for an eight under-par ## here saturday to grab a share of the lead entering the final round of the #.# million-dollar pga-lpga classic .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan was arrested at dawn sunday by prosecution authorities on charges of leading a #### military coup , television showed .
michael jordan wants to sign a new three-year contract with the chicago bulls that would likely carry him to the end of his national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- career .
the british government 's announcement of a penny in the pound reduction in the standard rate of income tax appeared to have availed it nothing as the opposition labor party extended its opinion poll lead by a further six points , the sunday times reported .
bolivians were to go to the polls sunday to elect #,### municipal officials and ### mayors amid steps to move more power and resources from central to local government authorities .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan was arrested at dawn sunday by prosecution authorities on charges of leading a #### military coup , television showed .
two british women were handed five-year prison terms for plotting to kill a prosecutor who was investigating <unk> guru bhagwan shree rajneesh in #### , reports said saturday .
the french civil aviation union <unk> gave notice of intention saturday to stage a two-day strike next week in protest at a proposed reform of the pension system .
the athletics track for the #### olympics was unveiled here saturday to usa track and field officials , even though both us coaches who will guide athletes at the games skipped the debut .
president bill clinton said saturday that the deployment of us troops in bosnia-hercegovina provides a `` chance to end this misery for good , '' as lawmakers continued debating the balkans mission .
former south korean strongman chun doo-hwan was arrested at dawn sunday on charges of leading a #### military coup after he openly rejected a prosecutors ' summons , television showed .
venezuelan oil workers will strike this week unless deadlocked contract negotiations with the state oil firm petroleos de venezuela -lrb- pdvsa -rrb- move forward , union leaders said saturday .
gulf arab states will hold behind the doors discussions on their <unk> relations to israel and the peace process when they meet here monday .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind will urge his european union counterparts on monday not to back away from their commitment to opening their markets to goods from post-apartheid south africa .
a retired general who told where the bolivian army buried legendary guerrilla leader che guevara after killing him in #### denied saturday he was under house arrest , though military brass said the detention had been ordered .
an appeals court has removed the judge in the oklahoma city bombing trial , saying his ties to the incident could raise doubts about his impartiality , and requested a new judge from another state .
scorecard at lunch on the fourth day of the third and final cricket test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground here sunday .
potential for growth remains huge despite newspapers with circulation figures western publishers could only dream of .
south australia beat victoria by six wickets to take maximum points in their sheffield shield cricket match against victoria here sunday .
hundreds of sri lankan troops on sunday began mopping up pockets of rebel resistance after taking control of the tamil guerrilla bastion of jaffna in the island 's north , the military said .
the rector of the international islamic university -lrb- <unk> -rrb- defended it as the most `` peaceful '' university in pakistan after the interior minister said it was a terrorist hub , following the bombing of the egyptian embassy here .
innings scorecard on the fourth day of the third and final cricket test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground here sunday .
australia were on ##-# at tea on sunday 's fourth day as they chased ### to win the third test against pakistan in sydney .
sri lankan tamil tiger chief velupillai prabhakaran has called on tamil youths to join separatist war he is leading in the country .
a punter from northern france won a record ##,###,### million francs -lrb- ##,###,### dollars -rrb- on the national lottery saturday , the game 's promoters said .
a ##th us senator , republican alan simpson of wyoming , announced late saturday that he would not seek reelection next year .
a strike called by karachi 's powerful mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- paralysed pakistan 's commercial capital and other major cities in southern sindh province .
an ##-year-old girl who survived a murder rampage in the eastern city of brisbane remained in critical condition sunday , after lying injured amongst the decomposing bodies of her family for five days .
the visit to china by president leonid <unk> of ukraine from sunday should improve relations in several areas , according to ukraine 's ambassador to beijing anatoly <unk> .
the chinese government made no official reaction in the media here sunday to the general election in taiwan , which it considers a rogue province .
australia ended sunday 's fourth day on ###-# as they chased ### for victory in the third test against pakistan here .
indonesia will not comply with a un report calling for a new <unk> into the #### massacre in dili , east timor , in which scores of civilian died and went missing , foreign minister ali alatas said sunday .
philippine diplomats tried to determine sunday whether young filipina maid sarah balabagan was among ### prisoners pardoned in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- .
japanese government-affiliated financial institutions had bad debts of ###.# billion yen -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- as of march ## , a ### percent jump from a year earlier , a news report said sunday .
the confessed assassin of yitzhak rabin said in court on sunday that the prime minister 's murder was a set-up as a judge ordered him held in custody for another four days because of new evidence .
three jewish extremists are to be charged on sunday for sedition after allegedly calling for the peaceful overthrow of the government of yitzhak rabin , who was assassinated last month , legal sources said .
victims of the bhopal gas tragedy on sunday marked the ##th anniversary of the world 's worst industrial disaster with a fresh plea for speedy justice and better medical facilities .
the philippine embassy said sunday it hoped to investigate the death of a young filipina maid who was said to have committed suicide by drinking poison .
us president bill clinton met spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez for a working breakfast here sunday at the start of a summit to seal a new transatlantic accord .
vote-rigging claims by a candidate in parliamentary elections in the northern taiwan port of keelung sparked a demonstration by some #,### supporters at a local election committee office , witnesses said sunday .
an algerian journalist on the french daily liberte and his driver were found murdered sunday morning near algiers , the newspaper 's management announced .
saudi arabia 's interior minister accused the private sector of undermining the domestic economy by failing to employ enough saudis when he opened a seminar on job nationalisation sunday .
scorecard at the close of the fourth day of the third and final cricket test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground here sunday .
skipper mark taylor was leading from the front as australia made an encouraging start in their chase for victory over pakistan in the third and final cricket test here sunday .
tasmania led the touring sri lankans by ### runs at the close of the third day of their four-day cricket tour match here sunday , thanks to a magnificent ### from captain arjuna ranatunga .
an algerian journalist on the french daily liberte and his driver were found murdered early sunday near algiers , the newspaper 's management announced .
king fahd is scheduled to leave the hospital sunday and appear on television to reassure people about his health , saudi arabia 's foreign minister prince saudi al-faisal said in remarks to the press .
scorecard at the close of the third day of the four-day cricket match between tasmania and sri lanka here sunday .
england 's jack russell broke the world record for dismissals in a single test by a wicketkeeper in the second test against south africa here sunday .
craig parry gained sweet revenge on new zealander michael campbell when he edged him out by one shot to win the ###,### us dollar greg norman holden classic golf tournament here sunday .
most of the #,### people killed in this year 's kobe earthquake were crushed or suffocated under the debris from collapsing buildings , the health and welfare ministry said sunday .
the wife of prince norodom sirivudh , arrested last week on charges of conspiring to assassinate second prime minister hun sen , has been denied visitation rights three days in a row , she and human rights workers said sunday .
king fahd 's condition was `` reassuring '' on sunday after he fell ill because of overwork , the royal cabinet said .
more than a million palestinians have registered to vote in historic first elections next january , according to figures announced here on sunday .
a plo black panther member who ignored an israeli ban and left the self-ruled enclave of jericho has been jailed for five years with hard labor by a palestinian court , officials said sunday .
taiwan 's parliamentary polls gave two ruling kuomintang party rebels a boost in march 's presidential elections , but party nominees president lee teng-hui and premier lien chan are still seen as the most likely winners , analysts said sunday .
scoreboard at lunch on the fourth day of the second test between south africa and england here sunday .
an undefeated century by brian mcmillan put south africa in an almost unassailable position on the fourth day of the second test against england here sunday .
at least five people were killed and ## injured sunday in a powerful blast in the kashmir town of anantnag , police said in this state summer capital .
gulf arab states are trying to unify their corporate laws as part of long-standing plans to merge their economies and create a common market , an official report said on sunday .
swiss anti-nuclear campaigners sunday climbed up the front of the french consulate here and unfurled a banner denouncing france 's nuclear testing program in the south pacific .
chechen independence fighters could obtain an amnesty if they report to a new commission set up by russian president boris yeltsin , the head of chechnya 's pro-moscow government said sunday .
with no end in strike to the bus and metro strike in paris , operators of tourist boats on the seine were preparing sunday to come to the rescue of weary commuters .
some ### tibetans undertook a day 's fast sunday in the northern indian town of dharamsala to protest against a rival candidate chosen by beijing as the reincarnation of the panchen lama , the second highest figure in tibetan buddhism .
at least five people were killed and ## others injured when a powerful bomb exploded near a bus station in the kashmir town of anantnag on sunday , police officials here said .
the zimbabwe government is working on a law to curb violent public demonstrations , which have become increasingly frequent in the capital , home affairs minister dumiso dabengwa , announced sunday .
king fahd 's condition was `` reassuring '' on sunday but he needs rest after being suddenly taken ill because of overwork , the saudi royal cabinet said .
us president bill clinton announced sunday that he had signed the order allowing the first us soldiers to leave for bosnia-hercegovina in the next few days to join a nato force implementing the peace accords .
british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind in an interview published here sunday has urged closer ties between the european union and its partners across the atlantic .
fresh fighting flared up near kabul early sunday as government troops and the taliban militia traded heavy artillery and rocket fire in an intense battle south of the city , the defense ministry said .
the government is planning to set up `` alternative travel facilities '' to ease commuter chaos in paris caused by a strike which has paralyzed much of france for the last ## days , an official said sunday .
a punter from northern france discovered sunday that he had scooped the country 's biggest lottery prize of more than ## million francs -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- .
kenyan distance runner joseph kimani won the men 's two-mile race at an australian athletics grand prix meet here late sunday .
pakistan 's main opposition organized a rally here sunday to protest alleged violations of women 's rights by the government of prime minister benazir bhutto .
three jewish extremists were charged on sunday for sedition after allegedly calling for the peaceful overthrow of the government of yitzhak rabin , who was assassinated last month .
the shiite moslem clergy has urged iranians to gather in mosques and pray for rain amid a drought which has hit the country in the past months .
the united states won the davis cup here on sunday when pete sampras beat yevgeni kafelnikov #-# , #-# , #-# -lrb- #-# -rrb- .
italian public transport workers are to go on strike next tuesday for between four and eight hours , though a minimum service will be maintained , trade union sources said sunday .
china 's ye zhaoying beat lim xiaoqing of sweden here on sunday night to win the women 's singles crown at the #### world grand prix badminton finals .
a police officer helping to remove a dead woman from a fiery car crash discovered that the victim was his mother , kuwaiti newspapers said on sunday .
israeli soldiers beat a ##-year-old man unconscious when they broke up a palestinian demonstration against land confiscation on sunday , palestinian sources said .
the indian navy , which allowed women into its fold recently , has said the time was not ripe for them to take command of combat <unk> , officials said sunday .
susan molinari , the us congresswoman heading a congressional delegation seeking details on the deployment of us troops in bosnia , said sunday she was satisfied with talks held here with officials .
sri lanka on sunday called for volunteers to help with rehabilitation in the former tamil rebel bastion of jaffna which the army captured a day earlier .
king fahd 's condition was `` reassuring '' on sunday but he needs rest after being suddenly taken ill because of overwork , the saudi royal cabinet said .
pace bowler brian mcmillan took two wickets in three balls to leave england facing a massive task against south africa at tea on the fourth day of the second test here sunday .
prime minister benazir bhutto 's chief political rival nawaz sharif led thousands of supporters in a rally here sunday , vowing to oust her two-year old government .
elections for bangladesh 's sixth parliament will be held on january ## , it was announced here sunday .
a non-governmental body made up of several human rights groups called sunday for this week 's second round of egyptian general elections to be fair , saying there had been dirty play on all sides in the first poll .
the first palestinian police arrived here on sunday in preparation for the withdrawal of israeli troops from the west bank town due to take place before christmas .
students are set to continue nationwide protests over chronic university underfunding after weekend talks with education minister francois bayrou failed to reach a breakthrough , student leaders said sunday .
foreign ministers on sunday drew up an agenda for a summit of the leaders of the six gulf arab states which opens on monday .
iraqi president saddam hussein urged his government sunday to fight inflation and slash public spending as part of an economic shake-up , the official news agency ina said .
a new firm has won the rights to films released by major us and other producers and warned anyone pirating videocassettes that they will be prosecuted under bahraini law , the gulf daily news said sunday .
us soldiers will be safe in bosnia when they come with an nato-led multinational force to keep the peace , bosnian president alija izetbegovic told a visiting us congressional delegation sunday .
pete sampras clinched davis cup glory here on sunday as he destroyed yevgeny kafelnikov to give the united states an unassailable #-# lead .
india on sunday said it was keen to revive ties with russia , hoping part repayments of an outstanding debt totalling ##.# billion dollars could thaw frosty relations .
the new transatlantic partnership unveiled at the eu-us summit is also open to canada , iceland and norway , spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez said after his talks with president bill clinton .
us vice-president al gore is due in south africa for a four-day visit monday with economic ties topping an agenda also featuring calls to take action over human rights abuses in nigeria .
the first palestinian police arrived here on sunday in preparation for the withdrawal of israeli troops from the west bank town due to take place before christmas .
two roads leading into kurdish-controlled northern iraq have been closed to prevent the spread of a cholera epidemic which has killed five people in the region , the official agency ina said sunday .
at least ###,### people demonstrated in the first rally by the extreme-right national alliance since it dumped its fascist credentials earlier this year , italian police and media reported sunday .
corey pavin of the united states , playing near flawless golf , pulled five strokes clear of overnight co-leader nick price of zimbabwe to win the million dollar challenge here sunday .
the opposition wafd party threatened sunday to boycott egypt 's election run-offs this week to protest government `` fraud '' in the first round when opposition parties failed to clinch a single seat .
elections for bangladesh 's sixth parliament will be held on january ## , it was announced here sunday .
the head of a french aid group said sunday he has applied to travel to pakistan to investigate why ## of the group 's workers there have been ordered out of the country .
pete sampras clinched davis cup glory for the united states here on sunday as he destroyed yevgeny kafelnikov for his third win in the final .
syrian leaders will refuse to discuss placing israeli early warning stations on the golan heights with us envoy dennis ross set for a new shuttle mission to the region , state radio said sunday .
the former leader of haiti 's most feared paramilitary group has confirmed that he was for years a paid cia agent , according to a television interview to be aired sunday .
us vice-president al gore is due in south africa for a four-day visit monday with economic ties topping an agenda also featuring calls to take action over human rights abuses in nigeria .
sonia gandhi , widow of former indian prime minister rajiv gandhi , will be given an italian peace award at rome 's city hall monday , officials announced here sunday .
the united nations ' special envoy on human rights in the former yugoslavia , elizabeth rehn , met sunday with serb representatives of disputed eastern slavonia , the tanjug news agency reported .
french defense minister charles million on sunday distanced himself from remarks by the french commander of un troops in sarajevo who expressed doubts about the bosnia peace accords .
turkish foreign minister deniz baykal left here for london sunday for talks with labor party leader tony blair to seek the support of his party for ankara 's expected customs union with the european union .
russia is planning to site a nuclear waste dump in the far north where radioactive waste can be stored in huge old underground caverns originally built for nuclear tests , interfax news agency reported sunday .
corey pavin of the united states , playing near flawless golf , pulled five strokes clear of overnight co-leader nick price of zimbabwe to win the million dollar challenge here sunday .
egypt criticised sunday a military cooperation deal between israel and russia , which it said would `` complicate '' the middle east peace process .
twenty people were injured in a fight involving players , referees , fans and security forces after a soccer match in southern turkey sunday , local officials said .
sinn fein leader gerry adams welcomed sunday moves by ulster unionist party leader david trimble to persuade loyalist paramilitaries to turn in their weapons to accelerate the northern ireland peace process .
elections for bangladesh 's sixth parliament will be held on january ## , it was announced here sunday as the main opposition party rejected the new election schedule describing it as `` unilateral .
a network of buses and boats is to be set up across paris from monday afternoon to counter the transport strike which has paralyzed the french capital for ## days , transport minister bernard pons announced .
thirty israeli officers accused of maltreating soldiers detained in military jails will be court-martialled , army officials said sunday .
george weah scored a final-minute winner at lazio on sunday as ac milan pulled four points clear at the top of the italian league .
pakistani investigators have arrested a man who is believed to have financed the bombing that destroyed the egyptian embassy here last month , interior minister naseerullah babar said sunday .
the first commonwealth meeting in south africa since the country rejoined the international body opened sunday , with women 's health issues on the agenda .
kuwaiti authorities have smashed a network selling false entry visas to the country and arrested six people , security services said sunday .
doctors treating greek prime minister andreas papandreou , in hospital with pneumonia for two weeks , are aiming to get him breathing on his own again , it was announced sunday .
french president jacques chirac on sunday hailed last month 's presidential election in algeria as an important step toward restoring peace and democracy in that troubled north african country .
french students on sunday rejected new proposals by education minister francois bayrou to resolve nationwide protests over chronic underfunding of higher education , and pledged to continue their struggle .
a french judge has indicted former panamanian dictator general manuel noriega for laundering drugs money , judicial officials said here sunday .
kenyan president daniel arap moi was to begin a two-day visit to israel on monday to meet his israeli counterpart ezer weizman and prime minister shimon peres , a government spokesman said sunday .
the united states will brook no changes to the bosnian peace accord and expects serbian president slobodan milosevic to bring reluctant bosnian serbs into line , secretary of state warren christopher said sunday .
president gonzalo sanchez de lozada said he is willing to negotiate with the opposition if sunday 's municipal elections result in a setback for his government 's candidates .
general alexander einseln stepped down sunday as head of estonia 's armed forces after clashing with defense minister andrus <unk> , the itar-tass news agency reported .
pakistani investigators have arrested a man who is believed to have financed the bombing that <unk> the egyptian embassy here last month , interior minister naseerullah babar said sunday .
twenty-three british companies were to begin a week-long mission to beirut on monday to boost cooperation with the lebanese private sector , the british embassy said sunday .
president geidar aliyev of azerbaijan arrived here sunday for a two - day visit aimed mainly at encouraging investment in his country .
italian foreign minister susanna agnelli met here sunday with bosnian leaders to discuss the deployment of italian troops in the nato peace implementation force and the reconstruction of bosnia .
a network of buses and boats is to be set up across paris on monday to counter a transport strike which has paralyzed the french capital for ## days , the transport ministry announced sunday .
un envoy kofi annan on sunday expressed support for controversial french general jean rene bachelet , commander of unprofor troops in sarajevo , who has said that the bosnia peace accords will force the serbs in the bosnian capital to flee .
chechnya will be granted a special status within the russian federation under a draft accord currently being drawn up for the caucasus republic , moscow 's special envoy to the region told russian television sunday .
the supreme electoral tribunal has received official results from ## of ecuador 's ## provinces that confirm a rejection by voters of ## constitutional reforms proposed by president sixto duran-ballen .
dean holdsworth deflated newcastle 's championship cushion sunday night as wimbledon defiantly shared a dramatic six-goal extravaganza at selhurst park .
hundreds of croatians in the southern port city of split took part sunday in a protest march organized by opposition groups angered by the landmark bosnia peace accord , and called on the croatian parliament not to implement the agreement .
congressional approval for sending us troops to bosnia should be conditional on whether bosnian government forces are armed and trained to defend themselves , senate majority leader robert dole said sunday .
picabo street of the united states won the women 's world cup downhill here sunday .
the president of the central american parliament , roland valenzuela , died of a heart attack in san pedro sula , ### kilometers -lrb- ### miles -rrb- north of tegucigalpa , his family said sunday .
djibouti president hassan gouled aptidon , who fell ill during the opening of a summit of french-speaking countries in benin , will undergo medical tests in a paris hospital for the next two or three days , his ambassador here said .
education minister francois bayrou unveiled new proposals sunday to resolve nationwide protests over chronic underfunding of higher education , to divided reactions from protesting students .
the president of the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- called on iraq sunday to implement un resolutions imposed after its #### invasion of kuwait in order to heal inter-arab rifts .
iraq appealed sunday to gulf arab leaders to take a `` courageous national stand '' at their summit in muscat by calling for a lifting of un sanctions imposed on baghdad after its #### invasion of kuwait .
newcastle winger scott sellars will complete a ###,### pounds move to premiership strugglers bolton monday .
the capture of tupac amaru revolutionary movement 's -lrb- mrta -rrb- leaders foiled a guerrilla plan to seize the peruvian congress , president alberto fujimori said sunday .
hundreds of bosnian croats and moslems gathered here sunday to demonstrate against the bosnia peace accords , protesting in particular the deal ceding part of northern bosnia to the bosnian serbs .
italian foreign minister susanna agnelli met here sunday with bosnian leaders to discuss the deployment of italian troops in the nato peace implementation force and the reconstruction of bosnia .
barcelona missed a golden chance to go top of the spanish first division over the weekend when they could only draw #-# at home against santander .
azerbaijan 's president geidar aliyev said sunday his country was prepared to give the region of nagorno-karabakh political autonomy in return for armenian concessions over the hotly disputed enclave .
an israeli border guard was wounded by a petrol bomb sunday in the west bank village of beit jala where palestinian police had taken up position for the first time several hours earlier .
us seismologists said a `` great '' earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale rocked the kuril islands off northern japan early monday .
dan marino threw a ##-yard touchdown pass to irving fryar with ## seconds remaining , rallying miami to a ##-## national football league triumph over atlanta here sunday .
saudi arabia 's king fahd is to miss a summit of gulf arab leaders this week , the official saudi news agency spa said sunday as speculation mounted over the monarch 's health .
davis love and beth daniel fired their second consecutive eight under - par ## here sunday to win the #.# million-dollar pga-lpga classic pairs event by two strokes .
eight people died when their single-engine cessna aircraft crashed some ### kilometres -lrb- ### miles -rrb- north of here late saturday , reports said here .
four unions representing government employees threatened to join the wave of strikes that has paralyzed france unless the government agrees immediately to hold talks with them on austerity plans .
leftist candidates made gains sunday in a handful of by-elections to france 's national assembly as a high turnout triggered by social tension appeared to play into the hands of opposition forces .
australia completed their domination of the world short-course swimming championships here sunday by winning four more gold medals -- swelling their overall total of goal medals at the four-day event to twelve .
loyalist paramilitaries in northern ireland will not hand in their arms before the ira , despite pressure from ulster unionist party -lrb- uup -rrb- leader david trimble , the head of a small loyalist party said here sunday .
french defense minister charles millon said late sunday he had summoned to paris the sarajevo-based french general who caused a stir by saying the bosnia peace accord would force serbs to flee the bosnian capital .
reigning world downhill champion picabo street won the season 's first world cup downhill here sunday -- finishing ahead of germany 's olympic champion katja seizinger and warwara zelenskaja of russia .
reigning world downhill champion picabo street won the season 's first world cup downhill here sunday -- finishing ahead of germany 's olympic champion katja seizinger and warwara zelenskaja of russia .
reigning world downhill champion picabo street won the season 's first world cup downhill here sunday -- finishing ahead of germany 's olympic champion katja seizinger and warwara zelenskaja of russia .
novelist robertson davies , one of canada 's most highly regarded and most prolific literary figures , died late saturday , his secretary moira <unk> said .
argentine experts have criticized the accord between buenos aires and london on oil exploration off the disputed falkland islands , saying south atlantic reserves might amount to `` another kuwait .
michael jordan and mike tyson , who both made celebrated comebacks this year , top the forbes magazine 's #### list of the world 's ## biggest earners in sport .
french defense minister charles millon said late sunday he had recalled to paris the sarajevo-based french general who caused a stir by saying a bosnia peace accord would force serbs to flee the bosnian capital .
four members of the new zealand squad have been dropped from the cricket team named monday for the one-off test with pakistan that opens friday in christchurch .
patrick roy , an all-star goaltender with the national hockey league 's montreal canadiens , has been suspended and will be traded , club officials said sunday .
novelist robertson davies , one of canada 's most highly regarded and most prolific literary figures , has died , his secretary moira <unk> said sunday .
george weah scored a last-minute winner at lazio at the weekend as ac milan pulled four points clear at the top of the italian league but barcelona missed a golden chance to take over at the top in spain .
a musical on the sinking of the greenpeace ship rainbow warrior in which former president francois mitterand dismisses new zealand as a country of sheep is to premiere here next year , one of its <unk> said monday .
share prices opened sharply higher on the tokyo stock exchange on monday , with the nikkei stock average rising ###.## points or #.# percent to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here in early morning trading on monday , up from ###.## yen in new york late friday but below ###.## yen quoted here friday afternoon .
spain 's beleaguered prime minister felipe gonzalez faces one of the toughest dilemmas of his political career , shorn of a natural successor to take over the helm of his ruling spanish socialist workers party even as a general election looms .
french government parties were given a beating by the left in seven by-elections to the national assembly sunday , reflecting the deep unpopularity of an administration already hit by a wave of crippling strikes .
the us prison population soared over the ## months ending in june to hit #.# million , in what the justice department said sunday was the largest one-year surge in the number of inmates on record .
gold opened lower here monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
scorecard from the final day of the third and final test between australia and pakistan at the sydney cricket ground here monday .
pakistan surged back to beat australia by ## runs in the third and final cricket test here monday -- but australia clinched the series #-# overall .
robertson davies , canada 's esteemed man of letters who spun intricate plots about provincial life in ontario into renowned <unk> , has died , his secretary said sunday .
south korean prosecutors on monday resumed their interrogation of former president chun doo-hwan in his prison cell , after a first ##-hour grilling that lasted late into sunday night , news reports said .
a wild pig killed an elderly woman and injured four others as it attacked a wedding party in southern china , it was reported monday .
share prices were higher on the tokyo stock exchange on monday morning on continued positive investor sentiment over the near-term market prospects , while the dollar eased against the yen .
japanese police rearrested aum supreme truth guru shoko asahara monday on charges of killing a ##-year-old man by exposing him to the nazi - invented vx nerve gas , police said .
the un high commissioner for human rights , jose ayala lasso , will go to east timor on monday and is also to see the disputed territory 's rebel leader in his jakarta prison cell .
liquidators of jailed trader nick leeson 's former company baring futures -lrb- singapore -rrb- pte .
a non-commissioned officer in argentina 's armed forces was detained sunday in connection with the july #### carbombing of a jewish cultural center here , prosecutor eamon mullen said .
chinese authorities have urged the development of well-managed real estate projects with comprehensive facilities , saying poor services were a key obstacle to boosting housing sales , a report said monday .
liquidators of jailed trader nick leeson 's former company baring futures -lrb- singapore -rrb- pte .
two world records were broken at the asian short-track speed skating championships sunday in harbin , one by the chinese women 's #,###-metre relay team and the other by the south korean men 's #,### m team .
mounting urban poverty will force the chinese government to increase social aid for the most needy over the next two years , the china daily said monday .
okinawa governor masahide ota rejected monday the latest order by prime minister tomiichi murayama to renew land leases for us military bases on japan 's southern island , officials said .
a fugitive south korean diplomat has been denied refugee status in new zealand , state owned television new zealand -lrb- tvnz -rrb- reported here monday .
the un high commissioner for human rights , jose ayala lasso , will go to east timor on monday and is also to see the disputed territory 's rebel leader in his jakarta prison cell .
south korea 's national assembly has approved budget spending of ##.# trillion won -lrb- ## billion dollars -rrb- in #### , a ##.# percent rise over this year , the ministry of finance and economy -lrb- mfe -rrb- said monday .
a bosnian serb accused of war crimes by the international tribunal in the hague denied the charges against him in an interview published monday in the washington post .
a cameroon airlines boeing ### with ## passengers and five crewmembers aboard crashed overnight as it was about to land at douala , cameroon , witnesses said monday .
sixty people died when a cameroon airlines boeing ### with ## passengers and five crewmembers aboard crashed overnight while landing in douala , cameroon , an airlines official said .
the dollar fell against major currencies here on monday on selling of long dollar positions against the mark , dealers said .
global inflation is easing on the back of reduced growth of money supply after ## years of high and persistent price rises , a global fund management conference here was told monday .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher on monday although the key market barometer lost some of its earlier gains on light profit - taking in late trading , brokers said .
tamil tiger leaders have fled jaffna , leaving their inexperienced young cadres to face a house-to-house search monday by victorious government troops in the recaptured rebel stronghold , a military leader said .
china 's biggest embezzlement case in which two persons have already been executed has touched high-ranking officials and involves ### communist party cadres , a report said monday .
okinawa governor masahide ota rejected monday the latest order by prime minister tomiichi murayama to renew land leases for united states military bases on the southern island , officials said .
french public trains , buses and the paris subway system were on strike again monday but #,### private buses and a free ferry service along the seine river were to begin operating in paris .
mount fuji , arguably the most sacred symbol of japan , may be getting ready to blow its top for the first time in almost ### years , according to researchers quoted in a monthly japanese magazine .
the suspected remains of up to six us servicemen who died in two separate incidents during the vietnam war were returned to the united states monday aboard a us airforce c-### plane .
the rand weakened against the dollar in early trade here monday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback against a close of #.#### \/ ## on friday .
a cameroon airlines boeing ### crashed soon before it was due to land here overnight , killing ## people aboard , an airlines official said monday .
a small group demonstrated outside the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- offices here monday to protest the organization 's assistance to east timor asylum seekers .
former south korean president roh tae-woo celebrated his ##rd birthday in a solitary jail cell monday , a day before he was to be indicted on graft charges .
a huge explosion destroyed the main government building in sri lanka 's northern jaffna town monday as troops cleared mines planted inside the two-storey block , official sources here said .
the first ## soldiers in a pre-positioning unit for the nato force to be deployed in bosnia left here monday for split , croatia , a british royal air force spokesman said .
the french franc fell heavily against the mark in initial trading here on monday amid mounting concern over a transport strike which was spreading through the economy , market sources said .
south african president nelson mandela resumed his duties monday after being laid up because of an inflammation in his shoulder , his spokesman said here .
east timorese resistance spokesman jose ramos-horta arrived here monday to lobby for the support of the fijian government in the battle for independence from indonesia .
player of the sydney test mushtaq ahmed , at the peak of his cricket career , says he has learned something valuable from his australian legspin rival shane warne .
australia made three changes to their team monday for friday 's opening cricket test with sri lanka in perth .
two world records were broken at the asian short-track speed skating championships sunday in harbin , one by the chinese women 's #,###-metre relay team and the other by the south korean men 's #,### m team .
sacked south korean diplomat choi seung-jin said monday he has been refused permission to remain in new zealand as a refugee .
siamese girl twins joined at birth were successfully separated during a rare operation at a hospital near tel aviv , medical officials said .
a cameroon airlines boeing ### crashed soon before it was due to land here overnight , killing ## people aboard , an airlines official said monday .
a leading french union , force ouvriere , called for staff in the insurance industry to join a wave of strikes which continued to spread throughout the french economy on monday .
afghan government troops early monday captured a strategic mountain post from the taliban militia and killed ## of their men southeast of kabul , defense sources said .
french shares fell heavily in early trading on monday as investors showed increasing concern that a wave of strikes was spreading throughout the economy here .
hong kong is well-placed to act as a center for debt financing services for the asia-pacific 's huge infrastructure investment programs , hong kong financial secretary donald tsang said here monday .
bayern munich and ac milan , hoping to complete their set of european titles , both have away trips in the uefa cup third round next week .
the burmese junta said monday that thousands of people across burma had rallied over the weekend in support of a constitutional convention which has been boycotted by the opposition .
european union foreign ministers met here monday for talks on the financing of reconstruction in bosnia and the toughening of sanctions against nigeria .
british petroleum co. plc signed here monday the biggest foreign investment deal in china 's chemical sector , saying the ###-million - dollar project launched a dramatic expansion of its inputs here .
a huge explosion devastated the main government building in sri lanka 's north monday , marring a spectacular army victory over tamil tiger guerrillas in their former bastion of jaffna , officials said .
the first ## soldiers of an advance party for the nato force to be deployed in bosnia left here monday for split , croatia , a british royal air force -lrb- raf -rrb- spokesperson said .
france on monday gave china a <unk> -lrb- ###-million-dollar -rrb- aid package while chinese premier li peng made encouraging remarks about renewed sino-french ties .
a massive blaze destroyed a soldiers ' barracks at kabul 's presidential palace early monday , but no injuries were reported , military sources said .
the daughter of slain israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin criticized the media on monday for paying too much attention to statements from his confessed assassin .
two court clerks , a man and a woman , were found dead with their throats slit and two others were missing in a new spate of murders despite calls for talks to end algeria 's civil war , the private daily la tribune said .
bourses across the asia pacific rallied monday as foreign investors turned their attention to the region , propelling the sydney exchange to its highest closing level in ## months .
shares here opened well down on last week 's record highs , as investors began to take profit on trades in advance of wednesday 's industrial figures that may signal a slowdown in growth , dealers said .
the philippines is working on a package of incentives to lure us auto giant general motors corp. into setting up a one-billion-dollar automotive assembly project , the department of trade and industry said monday .
malaysia 's upcoming langkawi international maritime and aerospace -lrb- lima ' ## -rrb- show is expected to see several defense deals being clinched with military equipment makers targeting the southeast asian market , officials said monday .
an <unk> mike atherton century steered england to ###-# at lunch on the final day of the test against south africa here monday .
un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata arrived here monday for talks with bosnian leaders .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- on monday approved a #.# percent increase in its annual budget to ##.# million swiss francs -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- for #### .
seeking to ease manila 's traffic and pollution , philippines president fidel ramos monday ordered squatter shanties cleared from a railway project and said used vehicle imports would be put under review .
finnish engineering and thermal equipment company waertsilae diesel has raised its stake in its norwegian associate waertsilae propulsion from ##.# to ### percent , waertsilae diesel said monday .
a subsidiary of the finnish telecommunications group nokia , nokia audio and electronics -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , has begun talks with the swedish safety belt and airbag specialist autoliv to form a joint venture , nokia said monday .
the danish windmill manufacturer bonus energy a\/s will deliver ## windmills to two windmill parks in wales , the danish comapny said monday .
police used <unk> to break up a rally here monday by activists of india 's ruling congress -lrb- i -rrb- party against the exhibition of beef products at a recently concluded international trade fair .
an asian shipowners ' organization monday expressed strong concern over unchecked and `` highly organised '' acts of piracy in the seas bordering hong kong , vietnam and the philippines 's main island luzon .
a car bomb exploded in the chechen capital on monday near russian administrative offices , killing at least three people and wounding several others .
asean nations have approved a treaty to be signed at their summit this month creating a nuclear free zone in southeast asia , officials said monday .
the french franc was in net decline on the european markets early monday as strikes in france worsened , while the deutsche mark strengthened against the european currencies .
chinese president jiang zemin and his ukrainian counterpart leonid kuchma praised here monday the rapid development of bilateral ties , saying `` great potential '' existed for even closer cooperation .
angola 's former rebel movement unita on monday announced that it had slowed down the quartering of its soldiers , alleging that they had come under attack from government troops in the north of the country .
yasser arafat 's palestinian authority has decided to reserve a seat for the small samaritan community on the future autonomy council , a senior official said monday .
the setback of taiwan 's ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- in weekend parliamentary elections triggered calls by party officials monday for speedy reform within its ranks .
israel began evacuating its police headquarters in ramallah on monday in preparations to hand over the west bank town to palestinian control , witnesses said .
asian shipowners monday expressed strong concern over unchecked and `` highly organised '' acts of piracy in the seas bordering hong kong , vietnam and the philippines 's main island luzon .
a turkish diplomatic mission was in belgrade monday as part of a move to normalize ties between ankara and the rump yugoslavia , deeply strained by the crisis in bosnia , the foreign ministry said monday .
a military court here on monday charged an israeli soldier with providing weapons to the confessed assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin , military officials said .
a drunken man who beat up a taxi passenger because he happened to look like jailed former president chun doo-hwan was arrested in the south korean port city of ulsan , news reports said monday .
the women 's world cup giant slalom event here at the weekend is in doubt .
the swiss-swedish industrial group asea brown boveri -lrb- abb -rrb- will participate in a consortium of european suppliers in a project to expand and upgrade qatar 's power transmission network , abb said monday .
the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- , which is holding its ##th summit here , was founded in #### to boost security among the oil-rich gulf arab states after the islamic revolution in iran and the outbreak of the iran-iraq war .
taiwanese president lee teng-hui monday slammed china for inhibiting taiwan 's international activities , saying the island would not vanish because of the intimidation .
a horde of about #,### rustlers killed at least ## people , sweeping through three kenyan villages and stealing tens of thousands of cattle , goats and camels , the daily the nation reported monday .
an israeli soldier was charged in a military court here on monday with providing ammunition to the assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin and stealing arms for him , a military official said .
the community of <unk> in southeastern sweden has made what it claims is the largest nativity scene in the world with no less than #,### figures , the <unk> newspaper said on monday .
saudi arabia 's citizens read for the first time on monday that king fahd was ill after newspapers here previously reported that he had only been admitted to hospital for routine medical tests .
israeli army officers are to swop their french-made peugeot ###s cars for italian fiats , the defense ministry said monday .
french prime minister alain juppe is to meet monday with his cabinet to discuss the spreading public sector strike that has paralyzed the country .
share prices here were showing a loss of #.## percent to <unk> points on the cac ## index on monday as strikes in the public sector began to spread to the private sector .
eleven people were killed and ## wounded in a car bomb attack in grozny on monday , russian official vladimir <unk> said in the chechen capital .
seven british soldiers flew monday to sarajevo to begin preparing for the deployment of ##,### nato peace troops for the former yugoslavia while nato troops were also arriving in split in croatia .
israeli prime minister shimon peres has turned to a chess clock to cut down on <unk> speeches by cabinet ministers during their meetings , newspapers reported monday .
inflation in turkey was ##.# percent in the ## months to november , the state statistical institute reported on monday .
france asked china on monday to buy more airbuses and gave a one - billion-franc -lrb- ###-million-dollar -rrb- aid package , while chinese premier li peng made encouraging remarks about renewed sino-french ties .
israeli prime minister shimon peres will meet plo leader yasser arafat on friday for the first time since succeeding yitzhak rabin , a plo official said .
women in australia , britain , france and spain were offered a drug patch to treat problems arising from the menopause by the pharmaceutical company rhone-poulenc rorer on monday .
the british hotel group forte stepped up its defences against a hostile takeover bid worth #.# billion pounds from the entertainment and leisure group granada monday with an announcement that it will sell its restaurant division and a ## percent share in the savoy hotel chain .
a massive explosion monday devastated the main government building in sri lanka 's north , marring a spectacular army victory over tamil guerrillas in their former citadel of jaffna , officials said .
israeli prime minister shimon peres will meet plo leader yasser arafat on friday for the first time since succeeding yitzhak rabin , a plo official said .
defiant england skipper mike atherton hit a test-best ### not out to give his side a chance of staving off defeat in the second test against south africa here on monday .
the pacific grand prix team on monday withdrew from formula one racing for financial reasons .
a cameroon airlines plane crashed shortly before landing here , killing at least ## people aboard when it came down in a mangrove swamp , a senior airline official said monday .
greek prime minister andreas papandreou , ## who is suffering from pneumonia , can `` communicate with his entourage '' and his condition is `` stable '' said a new hospital bulletin issued on monday .
egypt 's main secular opposition party has dropped its threat to boycott a second round of legislative elections because of alleged widespread fraud in the first round , a party official said monday .
the swedish-american pharmaceutical group pharmacia-upjohn has extended the acceptance period for its share offer to pharmacia stockholders to december ## , the group said monday .
saudi arabia 's crown prince abdallah ibn abdel aziz , who is standing in for an ailing king fahd at a gulf summit here , warned gulf arab countries on monday to confront efforts at destabilizing them .
the board of the finnish state-run company kemira agro oy has decided to form an independent company of its fine chemicals business , to be called kemira fine chemicals oy , kemira announced monday .
britain 's queen mother walked out of a hospital unassisted monday , ## days after undergoing hip replacement surgery .
lebanon is seeking the extradition from sweden of an alleged accomplice in the february #### bomb attack on a church north of beirut that killed ## people , legal officials said monday .
israeli prime minister shimon peres will meet plo leader yasser arafat on friday for the first time since succeeding yitzhak rabin , a plo official said .
the host stadium for the #### world cup final will be named the stade de france , sports minister guy drut announced monday after months of deliberations .
a second nato plane landed in the bosnian capital on monday carrying some ## soldiers from the united states , britain , france and belgium , part of the advance troops preparing for the deployment of a ##,###-strong nato-led peace force for the former yugoslavia .
turkey said monday that it would contribute up to #,### troops to the nato-led force being set up to enforce a peace plan in war-torn bosnia .
london 's oil market stayed calm in early trading monday , after sunday 's announcement that the health of king fahd of saudi arabia , the world 's leading exporter of crude , had deteriorated .
swedish forestry group <unk> <unk> 's pulp division , <unk> cell , cut its pulp price from #,### to ### dollars per tonne effective from december # #### , the group said monday .
share prices here were showing a hefty loss of #.## percent to #,###.## points on the cac ## index in mid-afternoon monday as strikes in the public sector began to spread to the private sector .
prime minister shimon peres said monday he would not sacrifice peace for israeli unity , during a ceremony in parliament to mark the assassination of his predecessor yitzhak rabin exactly a month ago .
iran and bulgaria signed an agreement on monday for an array of economic cooperation , notably the sale of over two million tonnes of iranian crude oil to sofia each year , the official islamic republic news agency irna reported .
the french franc rallied slightly early monday afternoon on the london foreign exchange market , after having come under sharp attack earlier in the session due to continuing large-scale strikes in france .
former us president jimmy carter and spanish king juan carlos will receive the unesco peace prize on tuesday in <unk> , the capital of the ivory coast , a unesco spokesman said monday .
the grievances behind the massive strike gripping france focus on prime minister alain juppe 's controversial welfare reform plans -- and specifically on plans to amend public sector pension rights .
an advance team of french troops is due to arrive in the southern croatian city of split next week to pave the way for the deployment of troops taking part in the nato-led bosnia operation , a french un military official said here monday .
norway on monday said it would pledge ### million kroner -lrb- about ## million dollars -rrb- at the donor conference on bosnia to be held in london later this week .
sudan partially lifted its ban on relief flights to the south , allowing aid to be flown to regions not affected by the latest rebel offensive , al-rai al-akher newspaper reported on monday .
ethiopia has expelled ## sudanese , mostly students arrested after the attempted assassination of egyptian president hosni mubarak in addis ababa in june , the government daily al-engaz al-watani said monday .
the head of the international committee of the red cross on monday called for the creation of an international court to punish violations of humanitarian rights .
the united states on monday announced it was pulling out of the united nations industrial development organization , saying that like unesco , the agency was inefficient .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross arrived here on monday on a mission to jump-start stalled peace talks between israel and syria , state radio reported .
south african president nelson mandela on monday called for sanctions against nigeria to be intensified , when he met commonwealth secretary - general chief emeka anyaoku .
four people have been on hunger strike since last week 's first round of egypt 's legislative elections in protest at alleged vote-rigging , police said monday .
the european commission on monday extended grants totaling ## million dollars to south africa to finance four development projects .
workers striking for ## months against heavy equipment maker caterpillar voted to reject a contract offer but the union said it would end the work stoppage anyway .
blue-chip share prices drifted lower monday in the absence of new data on the us economy .
germany will host a conference on arms control and disarmament in the former yugoslavia in bonn on december ## , german foreign minister klaus kinkel announced here on monday .
defiant mike atherton hit a test-best ### not out as england escaped with a extraordinary rearguard draw in the second test against south africa .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross arrived here on monday on a mission to jump-start stalled peace talks between israel and syria , state radio reported .
at least ## more people have died and many others have been wounded in intensified fighting between somalia 's abgal and <unk> sub-clans that has cut off the road linking the capital mogadishu and the southwestern town of baidoa , reports reaching here said on monday .
<unk> mike atherton survived over ten hours and hit a career test-best ### not out here on monday as england escaped with a extraordinary rearguard draw in the second test against south africa .
scoreboard at the close of play on the final day of the second test between south africa and england here monday .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross is to visit egypt during a peace mission which he started on monday in israel , foreign minister amr mussa said .
bosnia said monday it had lost confidence in french un peacekeepers here and wanted them replaced by us soldiers who would be less likely to defend serb quarters of the capital .
the french treasury auctioned off fixed-rate zero-coupon bills on monday in a total amount of eight billion francs , , at a sharply higher interest rate of #.## percent for the ##-week line , up #.## percent from the previous auction .
south africa announced an unchanged team here monday for the third test against england but added an extra squad member .
an advance party of british soldiers arrived on monday in the southern croatian port city of split to pave the way for the ##,###-strong nato-led force to be deployed in bosnia-hercegovina .
vice president al gore was to arrive in south africa monday for a tour featuring meetings with president nelson mandela and with deputy president thabo mbeki to strengthen bilateral relations .
fresh from his rousing european tour , president bill clinton prepared monday for a grim battle over balancing the budget but was determined to keep bosnia on the front political burner .
eu foreign ministers agreed monday to place a sports boycott on nigeria and to withdraw all military attaches from the country in a bid to step up the pressure on the regime over its human rights record , german foreign minister klaus kinkel said .
the united nations monday announced finding the bodies of ## men , women and children killed at a small camp in a remote forest in rwanda .
the paris bourse nosedived on monday in reaction to a continuing wave of strikes and labor protests in france , as the cac ## index ended the day at #,###.## points , down a sharp #.## percent by comparison with the friday close .
a team of volunteers will demolish the house where <unk> paul bernardo and his ex-wife tortured and killed teenage girls , mayor al unwin said monday .
a gunman took ## children and their teacher hostage in a primary school in a paris suburb on monday , police said .
former president carlos salinas , in a letter sent to the media , blamed one of his predecessors , leaders of the ruling institutional revolutionary party , the opposition , and drug barons for his current troubles .
cuban president fidel castro will travel friday to vietnam for a five - day visit after completing a nine-day tour of china , the cuban foreign ministry confirmed monday .
regional power company south wales electric -lrb- <unk> -rrb- agreed an ### million pound takeover from welsh water on monday , prompting fears of imminent job cuts in the welsh utility sector .
ing barings , the banking and insurance group , announced monday that it has been authorized to trade on the johannesburg stock exchange , where the company plans to set up its regional headquarters .
leading european stock markets all lost ground on monday as prices eased by #.# percent in london on profit-taking , plummeted #.## percent in paris due to french strikes , and slipped by #.## percent in frankfurt due to dollar weakness .
<unk> leadership elections in the breakaway republic of chechnya are a `` farce , '' candidate ruslan khasbulatov said monday , threatening to pull out of the vote .
radioactive water leaked from a ukrainian nuclear reactor monday , forcing a shutdown of the facility in an accident classified as serious , the government said .
kenyan president daniel arap moi paid homage at the tomb of slain israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin on monday and visited his widow , leah , officials said .
three syrian druze women crossed the israeli-syrian ceasefire line on monday to marry druze living on the golan heights annexed by the jewish state , witnesses said .
india wants the organization of the islamic conference -lrb- oic -rrb- to moderate its position on kashmir which it says is biased towards the war-torn region 's moslem separatists , india 's ambassador to cairo said monday .
south african president nelson mandela , named `` santa of the year '' last month by a greenland charity , monday received a ###,### dollar donation from the danish province for his children 's fund .
the united nations opened for ratification monday a treaty to regulate fishing on the high seas and for the first time to bind states to conserve and manage fish stocks .
aberdeen captain stewart <unk> is at the center of a police probe just eight days after holding aloft the coca-cola cup at hampden .
global heavy equipment maker caterpillar emerged the victor monday following a ##-month strike that was the latest chapter in a four - year-old labor dispute .
lsi logic introduced monday a ## dollar microprocessor for a new generation of low-cost computer devices to be used exclusively to access the internet .
the british government announced monday a # million pound expedition to re-examine the wreck of the biggest british vessel ever lost at sea , following a report into the sinking of the derbyshire off japan .
the european court of human rights ordered france on monday to pay one million francs -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- to a hemophiliac who was given a transfusion of hiv-contaminated blood , overruling a french court that said he had already received compensation .
a meeting of donor countries to assist palestinian autonomy has been postponed by a month from its original date of december # , french foreign minister herve de charette announced here monday .
sudan is to raise wages for government employees by more than ## percent in its #### draft budget which has a deficit of #.## billion dollars , finance minister abdullah hassan ahmad announced monday .
the chief prosecutor of the un war crimes tribunal on ex-yugoslavia met here monday with officials to discuss croatian government cooperation with the tribunal 's probes , the foreign ministry said here .
the french economics ministry announced on monday that privatization of pechiney group would be started tuesday morning with ## million shares to be put on the market , at a price of ### francs -lrb- ##.# dollars -rrb- per share for the public and institutional investors .
police on monday ended a hostage drama in which an armed man held a classroom full of children at a school in a paris suburb for several hours , police said .
authorities concerned about the impending arrival here of thousands of <unk> american soldiers will distribute thousands of free condoms to city youth , a local radio said monday .
turkish prime minister tansu ciller left here monday for bonn where she is to hold talks with top german officials in a last ditch effort to secure an expected customs union with the european union , her office said wednesday .
swedish firm pripps , the partner of <unk> beverages group pripps <unk> , has reached agreement with coca-cola for continuation `` until the end of the year '' of production and sale under license in sweden of coke products , pripps announced on monday .
british soldier alan ford broke down in a cypriot court on monday as he was questioned over a written confession in which he allegedly admits to killing danish tour guide louise jensen .
a hostage drama in which an armed man held a class full of primary schoolchildren for several hours ended peacefully monday when the man gave himself up , a police spokesman said .
jo maso , a dazzling center three-quarter ## years ago , said on monday he had accepted the job of international team manager to the french rugby federation .
air france said monday it would be able to maintain all long-haul and most medium-haul services on thursday despite a planned strike by cabin crew .
the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- is to open two offices in serb sections of sarajevo , its head sadako ogata said here monday , as she unveiled plans to ease the refugee crisis in bosnia .
the french franc dropped sharply in the first part of the monday trading session on the london forex market , but then rallied slightly as operators waited for the result of a french government crisis meeting late monday to discuss the strike situation .
turkish cypriot authorities monday released a greek cypriot soldier arrested one month ago for `` illegally entering '' the island 's turkish - controlled north , a local news agency reported .
the powerful confederation of german trade unions , the dgb , expressed its sympathy monday with strikers in france and said it expected the french government to seek talks with the unions leading the general strike .
more than ## rebels in southern sierra leone have died in clashes with government troops , local journalists reported monday .
jan timmer , chairman of big dutch electronics and electricals group philips , will give up his post on october # next year and will be replaced by deputy chairman cor boonstra , philips announced on monday from its eindhoven headquarters .
swedish finance minister goeran persson is to be proposed as the country 's next prime minister , state television said monday , citing sources in the ruling social democratic party .
four members of a school group , three of them children , were missing and three were in intensive care after being engulfed by a wall of water on the banks of the river <unk> near here monday , police said .
the former soviet republic of tajikistan in central asia opened an embassy in the turkish capital ankara monday .
saudi arabia 's king fahd 's condition was `` very upbeat '' despite reports that he was seriously ill from a blood clot on the brain , a state department official said monday .
lawyers defending ex-president hastings kamuzu banda and five other accused persons on murder charges said on monday the accused will not testify in the high court .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali said monday that he would begin withdrawing un peacekeepers from rwanda this week after the government in kigali rejected their continued presence .
award-winning film-maker emir kusturica plans to give up the cinema completely and start a new life , the french daily liberation reported monday .
russia 's denis pankratov and hungary 's kristina egerszegi have been named #### world swimmers of the year by the us magazine swimming world .
king juan carlos of spain arrived on monday in ivory coast , where he is to be awarded a unesco prize for work towards peace .
saudi arabia 's king fahd 's condition was `` very upbeat '' despite reports that he was seriously ill from a blood clot on the brain , a state department official said monday .
the dayton peace agreement contains sufficient guarantees for bosnian serbs living in sarajevo , said a state department spokesman on monday , who described fears of a mass serb exodus as `` outlandish .
several hundred tibetans took to the streets in zurich monday to protest against beijing 's choice of a new panchen lama , the second most important religious leader of the troubled territory .
three more people have died in a yellow fever epidemic in the liberian port of buchanan , the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- said monday .
the canadian government is expected to announce on wednesday how many troops it will send to bosnia as part of the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- peacekeeping and policing efforts .
colombian coffee growers , in the grip of a crisis , opened a four-day annual convention pessimistic about prices on the international market , their leader jorge cardenas said monday .
the united states called monday on egypt to investigate alleged vote fraud in last week 's legislative elections , charging harassment of opposition candidates and reports of government interference .
the main political leaders of northern ireland 's protestant and roman catholic communities met here monday for talks centred on the province 's economic future .
the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- is to open two offices in serb sections of sarajevo , its head sadako ogata said here monday , as she unveiled plans to ease the refugee crisis in bosnia .
the new government of prime minister shimon peres defeated its first no-confidence vote in parliament on monday over the issue of poverty in israel .
the #### world cup draw , scheduled to be held in paris on december ## , may be postponed if there is no end to the industrial strikes that have paralysed much of france , uefa president lennart johansson said monday .
finland 's gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- will grow #.# to five percent this year , the economic research institute <unk> said as it revised its forecast downward .
indonesia leads southeast asia in trade with canada and is the region 's biggest recipient of canadian investment , international trade minister roy maclaren said monday .
us envoy dennis ross launched a new middle east initiative on monday as israeli prime minister shimon peres said he was `` convinced '' of the need for peace with syria .
a ukrainian nuclear reactor was shut down monday after a leak of radioactive water in an accident classified as serious , the government said .
the united nations reaffirmed monday the illegality of the decision israel made ## years ago to impose its rule on jerusalem and proclaim the city its capital .
carlton haselrig , who has not been seen since he took a leave of absence from the new york jets ## days ago , has been suspended for one year .
french side nantes will look to former rebel reynald pedros to fire the side into the european champions league quarter-finals on wednesday .
four children were missing and feared dead monday with three people , including two children , in intensive care after they were engulfed by a wall of water caused by the opening of sluice gates in a dam , police said .
irish prime minister john bruton briefed his spanish counterpart felipe gonzalez here monday on last week 's anglo-irish deal on moving the stalled ulster peace process forward and on us president bill clinton 's visit to ireland .
israel has yet to reach a formal peace agreement with syria and lebanon despite its progress with the palestinians and jordan .
turkish prime minister tansu ciller arrived on bonn on monday as part of a last ditch effort to secure a customs union agreeement with the european union .
grain futures closed mixed monday on the chicago commodities exchange with wheat prices lower , corn mixed and soy products higher .
as sweden 's ruling social democratic party continued its search for an elusive new leader -- and thus for a new prime minister -- the latest candidate to by the media was non-committal about his intentions .
chrysler corp. said monday it had filed a lawsuit against its former chairman lee iacocca , for breach of contract and other allegations in a dispute over his right to exercise stock options .
the angolan government will free all war prisoners detained since the start of the armed conflict against unita rebels , the un special representative to angola announced monday .
a delegation of sierra leonean rebels ended two days of talks with representatives of the organisation of african unity in abidjan on monday .
dion dublin scored a superb hat-trick -- but he still finished on the losing side on monday when sheffield wednesday ended their miserable hillsborough run with a #-# victory over coventry .
president carlos roberto reina refused monday to order three fugitive army officers to surrender and face criminal trials in the case of six university students kidnapped and tortured in #### .
the federal trade commission monday fined a firm for marketing a beverage -- made of apple juice , grape juice and vinegar -- as able to cure cancer and provide the same health benefits as jogging .
the canadian navy is considering buying ## to ## sikorsky sea hawk anti-submarine assault helicopters to replace its old fleet of sea kings , according to news reports monday .
united states vice-president al gore pledged his country to a `` new partnership '' with south africa when he arrived here late monday to co - chair a bilateral trade meeting .
the average interest rate on us ##-year treasury bonds fell to six percent monday , and the declining trend was expected to continue in the months ahead .
the us government paid hommage to former president jimmy carter monday for his foundation 's success in eradicating guinea worm disease , an incapacitating malady that strikes most often in underdeveloped countries .
czech prime minister vaclav klaus forecast monday five percent economic growth for his central european country next year , saying that most needed free-market reforms there had been carried out .
president gonzalo sanchez de lozada claimed victory monday for the ruling coalition in bolivia 's municipal elections , saying voters `` supported the government 's plans for education and popular participation .
the dollar fell slightly against other major currencies except the japanese yen monday as the german mark surged amid the continuing public sector strike in france .
the us government paid homage to former president jimmy carter monday for his foundation 's success in fighting guinea worm disease , an incapacitating malady that plagues many developing countries .
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here in early morning trading tuesday , down from ###.## yen in new york late monday but above ###.## yen here monday afternoon .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on tuesday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points or #.# percent to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
world number-one pete sampras , america 's davis cup hero at the weekend , is hoping to fend off impending exhaustion for one more week so that he can bring the curtain down on his remarkable season in style by winning the lucrative grand slam cup here this week .
investigators raided another military facility monday in a widening probe of involvement of argentine soldiers in anti-jewish <unk> .
aston villa , seven times fa cup winners , have landed <unk> town or <unk> a bumper <unk> in the third round of this year 's competition .
manchester united and newcastle emerged as <unk> after monday 's third-round fa cup draw .
ex-president carlos salinas , in a letter to the media , blamed a presidential predecessor , leaders of the ruling institutional revolutionary party , the opposition , and drug lords for his current woes .
media shares continued their spectacular rise tuesday amid growing rumors of a huge deal between media moguls rupert murdoch and kerry packer that would shake up the australian media industry .
gold opened lower here tuesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
a three-year-old boy was savaged over ## percent of his body by the family 's two dogs , police said tuesday .
china is poised to overtake japan as the world 's biggest steel producer , boosting production by ## percent in ## years and doubling its imports of australian iron ore , according to a new report released here tuesday .
police in southern china opened fire with machine guns to disperse rioting by migrant workers which left at least two dead and ## wounded , reports said tuesday .
japan 's biggest <unk> amusement equipment maker , sega enterprises ltd. , said tuesday it had established a subsidiary in las vegas to expand its casino game machines business in the united states .
china is poised to overtake japan as the world 's biggest steel producer , boosting production by ## percent in ## years and doubling imports of australian iron ore , a government report said tuesday .
china has issued a regulation temporarily barring the establishment of wholly-owned foreign construction companies in the country , a newspaper reported tuesday .
former australian prime minister bob hawke on tuesday dismissed perceptions that a resurgent china posed a threat to its neighbors and blasted us policy in asia as outdated and condescending .
twelve people were killed in landslides in the eastern philippine island of catanduanes after a storm , the national disaster coordinating council -lrb- ndcc -rrb- said tuesday .
japan 's finance minister masayoshi takemura said tuesday that scaling back the defense agency 's budget requests for the upcoming year could prove to be a controversial issue in drawing up this year 's budget .
the tamil tiger guerrillas tuesday urged students to join the separatist war against sri lankan security forces in a bid to recapture the tigers ' former citadel of jaffna in the island 's north .
south korea 's ruling coalition developed major cracks tuesday as followers of two jailed former presidents said they intended to quit key party posts .
the gala premier in paris of the latest james bond movie , `` goldeneye , '' was canceled because of star pierce bronson 's hostility to french nuclear testing , a greenpeace official said tuesday .
the gala premier in paris of the latest james bond movie , `` goldeneye , '' was canceled because of star pierce brosnan 's hostility to french nuclear testing , a greenpeace official said tuesday .
national basketball association -lrb- nba -rrb- referees approved a new contract here monday , paving the way for their return to league games within a week .
police in el salvador raided ## local radio stations monday confiscating broadcast equipment and charging that the stations were operating without a permit , according to a non-governmental organization .
former president roh tae-woo was indicted tuesday on charges of accepting ### million dollars in bribes from ## -lrb- eds .
czech president vaclav havel said here tuesday that the election of a former communist as president in poland did not portend a return to communism in eastern europe .
india has accused the united states of interference in kashmir and said the government will initiate legal action to hold elections in the state , banned last month by the autonomous election commission .
president suharto warned tuesday that indonesia would not tolerate mining concerns damaging the environment or harming local populations .
the dollar was steady against the yen and the mark in quiet trading here tuesday , with market attention centred on the <unk> sector , dealers said .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower on tuesday with the nikkei stock average easing on profit-taking .
licenced foreign investment in vietnam totalled ##.# billion dollars at the end of november with more than a third of the amount approved in the first ## months of this year , according to reports tuesday .
the expanded super ## international rugby series next year will be a giant ##-game round robin competition , organisers announced tuesday .
expectations that us funds will pump part of their huge profits generated from wall street into sagging asian stock markets are unfounded , an international investment meeting here was told tuesday .
long queues of cars built up on motorways leading into paris again early tuesday as a fleet of buses chartered by the government to replace a transport system paralysed by strikes appeared to make no difference .
two men convicted of stealing ###,### nz dollars -lrb- ###,### us -rrb- in mostly small change from parking meters were on tuesday sent to jail for two and a half years .
ross cooper and john hart head the list of hopefuls to take over as all blacks coach following the retirement of laurie mains .
west indies lost valuable match practice when their opening tour match against the australian prime minister 's xi was washed out here tuesday .
the sri lanka authorities on tuesday formally sealed the capture of the northern town of jaffna from separatist tamil tiger guerrillas with an official flag-raising ceremony .
japanese share prices eased on tuesday , with a key market barometer closing #.# percent lower on profit-taking after recent gains , brokers said .
west indies lost valuable match practice when their opening tour match against the australian prime minister 's xi was washed out here tuesday .
a moslem guerrilla faction said it would continue strengthening its forces on the southern philippine island of mindanao until a `` lasting solution '' to peace there is established , rebel officials said tuesday .
moslem militants killed four people , including at least two christians , in an attack on a poultry farm in the south egypt province of minya , police said on tuesday .
prime minister shimon peres reaffirmed israel 's claim over jerusalem as its undivided capital and said it would never be the the subject of compromise .
yielding to international pressure for improving safety at nepal 's only international airport , the government here has announced plans to set up radar systems with japanese help .
young spin wizard paul adams has been included in the initial ##-man squad named here tuesday by south africa for next year 's world cup in india and pakistan .
asia has to beef up its ports and develop new ones to ensure that the region 's economic vibrancy is not hindered , singapore 's trade and industry minister yeo cheow tong said tuesday .
south korean businesses on tueday heaved a collective sigh of relief as prosecutors announced the probe results of ex-president roh tae - woo 's corruption scandal , the stock market reacting with a surge .
the rand stayed firm against the dollar in early trade here tuesday , opening at #,#### \/ ## to the greenback against a close of #.#### \/ ## on monday .
two schoolchildren and an adult died in intensive care overnight and four other children were still missing tuesday and feared dead after they were engulfed by a wall of water caused by the opening of sluice gates in a dam , officials said .
the international red cross has transferred more than #,### prisoners in rwanda from three overcrowded jails to a new facility , but said tuesday that overpopulation in other prisons remained `` unacceptably high .
prime minister shimon peres has ruled out any compromise over israel 's claim to jerusalem as its undivided capital despite the un branding his country 's grip on the holy city as illegal .
syria on tuesday called on israel to pledge a troop withdrawal from the golan heights as us special envoy dennis ross was set to hold talks with syrian president hafez al-assad .
israel 's security forces went on full alert tuesday at the end of the ##-day mourning period for islamic jihad leader fathi shakaki , who was murdered in malta by suspected israeli agents .
israel has begun disarming palestinians who collaborated with it during the occupation of the territories , and many have now become double agents for the plo , a military official said tuesday .
romanian star <unk> lupu could face a heavy sentence after ` doing a cantona ' and attacking a fan who swore at him .
reliance industries , india 's largest private sector company , announced tuesday that it was withdrawing its request to delist from the bombay stock exchange .
italian magistrates investigating giulio andreotti 's alleged links with the mafia , have flown to the united states to question a mafia leader jailed in philadelphia , officials said here tuesday .
fifteen people thought to be linked with a bombing wave by algerian islamic fundamentalists were arrested in the paris region and in three provincial cities on tuesday , police said .
sri lanka announced the capture of the tamil rebel citadel of jaffna with an official flag raising ceremony tuesday , the ##th day of a major offensive which claimed #,### lives on both sides .
the franc rallied sharply in initial trading on tuesday because a crisis meeting of the french government late on monday had stood firm against a wave of strikes which has begun to strangle the economy , analysts said .
reliance industries , india 's largest private sector company , announced tuesday that it was withdrawing its request to delist from the bombay stock exchange -lrb- bse -rrb- .
hong kong governor christopher patten and hawaii governor benjamin cayetano will make official visits to the philippines next week , a presidential palace statement announced tuesday .
efforts by liquidators of nick leeson 's former firm to seize the jailed trader 's assets in britain could clash with a parallel campaign by bondholders of barings bank , legal sources said tuesday .
the german m# money supply showed growth of #.# percent in october from the average figure in the last quarter of last year , the bundesbank said on tuesday .
south korean prosecutors took legal steps tuesday to confiscate all of former president roh tae-woo 's assets and recover money allegedly amassed in secret swiss bank accounts .
two schoolchildren and an adult died in intensive care overnight and four other children were still missing tuesday and feared dead after they were engulfed by a wall of water caused by the opening of sluice gates in a dam , officials said .
french international loose forward philippe benetton will miss the five nations tournament next year after undergoing surgery on his right <unk> on tuesday .
nato foreign ministers met in brussels on tuesday to discuss bosnia and formally name spanish foreign minister javier solana as secretary general of the alliance .
france intends to become more active in nato and will henceforth join in meetings of the alliance 's military committee , though it will not reintegrate the military structure it left in #### , it was announced here tuesday .
voting was underway in kazakhstan on tuesday for a new senate in the first of two elections this week expected to reaffirm the authority of president nursultan nazarbayev .
snowboarding joined the olympic fold here on tuesday when the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- executive board decided to add the fast-growing sport to the #### winter olympics in nagano .
cuban president fidel castro left for shenzhen city in southern china tuesday after a three-day visit to see development in china 's economic powerhouse .
cuban president fidel castro left for shenzhen city in southern china tuesday after a three-day visit to see development in china 's economic powerhouse .
us vice president al gore and his south african counterpart thabo mbeki on tuesday opened the first bi-national commission between their two countries , both promising an expansion of trade and political ties .
spain 's javier solana , ## , was officially named the new secretary general of the north atlantic treaty organisation by nato foreign ministers .
the first aeroplane to land in antarctica , which still lies where it crashed in #### , may be salvaged and restored , a scientist behind the scheme said tuesday .
the un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata was meeting here tuesday with government officials to discuss the repatriation of thousands of bosnian refugees who fled their homes to croatia .
zambian president fredrick chiluba on tuesday sent a busload of government and foreign journalists to zaire to check media reports that he was born there and was thus ruling zambia illegally .
the draw for the #### football world cup draw will go ahead here on december ## despite worries over the industrial strikes currently paralysing the french capital , it was announced on tuesday .
second prime minister hun sen has warned that demonstrations may be arranged at the french and us embassies here if western countries do not stop interfering with cambodia 's internal affairs .
norway has been asked to send additional troops to former yugoslavia , a foreign ministry official confirmed on tuesday .
six gulf arab states will likely earn more from crude oil exports in #### than last year due to a price improvement caused by strong world demand , the state-run emirates industrial bank -lrb- eib -rrb- said on tuesday .
traffic carried by the shuttle train service through the tunnel beneath the channel increased sharply in november , the operating company eurotunnel said on tuesday .
the chinese government on tuesday called on all taiwanese political parties to give up ideas of independence from the communist mainland .
plo leader yasser arafat marked the first month since the assassination of yitzhak rabin by saying his death was a loss for the palestinian people .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- is trying to eliminate the deficit in its federal budget through an increase in fees on services and other non-oil revenues , an official said on tuesday .
a ##-year-old man committed suicide here by cutting his throat with a chain saw , firemen said tuesday .
hundreds of kuwaiti , us and british troops in tanks and armored vehicles staged war games in the kuwaiti desert south of iraq , firing live machine gun rounds and missiles , a newspaper said tuesday .
president bill clinton 's chances of re-election may be improving in opinion polls , but the decision by several democratic lawmakers to retire could spoil his party 's bid to recapture congress from the republicans in #### .
bangladesh 's election commission on tuesday set up a special unit to maintain peace during parliamentary elections next month .
philippine president fidel ramos on tuesday ordered a ##-day unilateral christmas ceasefire , during which the military may not attack moslem or communist insurgents unless provoked .
us special envoy dennis ross began talks here tuesday with syrian president hafez al-assad to find ways of unblocking peace negotiations with israel .
portugal has vetoed any participation by indonesian troops in the international peace force for bosnia , portuguese foreign minister jaime gama said here .
the israeli army jailed a jewish settler and restricted the movements of three others on tuesday `` for security reasons , '' a military spokesman said .
spanish and italian police have arrested ### suspected mafia members in a joint operation in spain and italy , spanish police announced tuesday .
shares here gained in early trading tuesday , as the london market followed overnight gains on wall street and as traders expected a major bid for a ft-se ### stock later this week , dealers said .
the british company racal announced tuesday that it is to buy the telecommunications sector of british rail for ###.# million pounds in the latest stage of the privatisation of britain 's rail network .
seven british soldiers and three jeeps flew into sarajevo airport aboard a british royal air force plane early tuesday to join nato vanguard units sent to clear the way for the ##,###-strong peace enforcement force .
an advance party of ## us reconnaissance officers drove into this northeast bosnian town on tuesday to prepare for the deployment of up to ##,### us combat troops in the region in the next few weeks , a un official said .
the french franc recovered slightly in early trading on the european markets tuesday after its slump monday , as dealers focussed on the on - going strikes in france , with little trade in other currencies .
a team of us and dutch astronomers has confirmed the existence of a second black hole by using the orbiting hubble space telescope , the national aeronautics and space administration -lrb- nasa -rrb- said .
the nato headquarters for the implementation of the bosnia peace accord will be temporarily based in the croatian capital of zagreb , a un military source said here tuesday .
italy must bring forward its deficit reduction plan by one year if it wants to take part in european monetary union in #### , italian prime minister lamberto dini said tuesday .
the african development bank signed an agreement with the nordic development fund here tuesday , cementing a four-year-old relationship of funding projects together .
the right-wing hindu government of the western indian state of maharashtra put police on alert on tuesday to preempt violence on the third anniversary on wednesday of the razing of the babri mosque .
the upper house of the indian parliament was abruptly adjourned tuesday after an anonymous caller claimed that a bomb had been hidden under the chair of a lawmaker from the main opposition party .
iran has invited several senior un human rights representatives to visit the country for the first time since #### in a sign of new openness , un officials said tuesday .
moslem militants killed three christians and a village guard in an attack on a poultry farm in the south egypt province of minya , police said on tuesday .
saudi arabia expressed hope on tuesday that king fahd would continue to lead the country despite his illness .
sri lanka tuesday claimed victory in a ##-day battle to capture the tamil rebel citadel of jaffna in the north of the country and vowed to launch another onslaught against the guerrillas .
tamil tiger guerrillas tuesday launched an abortive suicide attack against police in eastern sri lanka as the government formally declared the capture of the rebel citadel of jaffna , military sources said .
north korea has declined an invitation to take part in the atlanta olympics next year , international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- director general francois carrard said tuesday .
islamic fundamentalist gunmen killed an algerian journalist in algiers on tuesday in the second such murder in less than a week , security services said .
the un high commissioner for human rights , jose ayala lasso , arrived in the troubled territory of east timor tuesday , indonesia 's official antara news agency reported .
president nelson mandela and visiting us vice president al gore discussed the situation in nigeria on tuesday , as south africa continued to lead moves to isolate the nigerian junta following its execution of minority rights activists .
french prime minister alain juppe offered an olive branch on tuesday to striking public sector workers who have paralysed the country for the past ## days but refused to back down on social welfare reform .
malaysia tuesday moved to assure its neighbors that its plan to scout for military equipment to upgrade its armed forces should not be interpreted as a threat to regional security .
a local official of the zulu nationalist party inkatha has been shot dead by unknown assailants at a public rally in the kwazulu-natal province , police said tuesday .
in a phrase which <unk> press comment in many eu countries , the belgian daily le soir on tuesday described the transport strikes paralysing france as `` the first major crisis of european integration .
malaysian defense minister syed hamid albar tuesday called for better cooperation among pacific rim countries in developing their aerospace and defense industries .
a man armed with two grenades burst into a kindergarten classroom in the north ossetian capital vladikavkaz on tuesday and killed three children when the grenades exploded , interfax news agency reported .
the malawi high court dismissed tuesday a defense plea for the discharge of cecilia kadzamira , constant companion of former president hastings kamuzu banda , on murder charges .
anti-doping measures at the atlanta olympics will be reinforced by revolutionary detecting equipment , olympic chiefs said tuesday .
share prices here rallied slightly by #.## percent on the cac ## index by midday on tuesday , and some dealers attributed the recovery from a sharp fall on monday to signals that tensions behind strikes throughout the country might be easing .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has nearly completed a major gas project it launched four years ago as part of overall expansion in its large energy sector , operators said on tuesday .
a man armed with two grenades burst into a kindergarten classroom in the north ossetian capital vladikavkaz on tuesday and killed three children when the grenades exploded , interfax news agency reported .
saudi arabia 's minister of defense and aviation , prince sultan ibn abdel aziz , held talks here tuesday with the country 's religious leaders .
rockets and artillery shells were fired tuesday at israeli army positions in south lebanon , but there were no injuries or damage , a military spokesman said .
inter milan misfit paul ince was left out in the cold here on tuesday as england coach terry venables announced his squad to take on portugal .
some #,### representatives of regional assemblies in kazakhstan voted tuesday in elections to the ##-seat senate , the upper house of the central asian republic 's parliament .
militiamen of two <unk> <unk> subclans loyal to warlord mohamed farah aidid clashed in south mogadishu tuesday , with witnesses reporting at least three gunmen killed .
tamil tiger guerrillas tuesday launched an abortive suicide attack against police in eastern sri lanka , as the government declared the capture of the rebel citadel of jaffna , military officials said .
islamic fundamentalist gunmen killed an algerian journalist here tuesday in the second such murder in less than a week , security services said .
three children and their teacher died , and three others were missing tuesday after they were engulfed by a wall of water caused by the opening of sluice gates in a dam , officials said .
nineteen people thought to be linked to a wave of bombings blamed on algerian islamic fundamentalists were arrested in the paris region and in three provincial cities on tuesday , police said .
tamil guerrillas staged a daring but failed suicide attack in eastern sri lanka tuesday , as the government announced the capture of the rebel citadel of jaffna in the north of the country .
the spanish government will file proceedings with the international court in luxembourg against the european commission if that body does not approve a capital increase for iberia airline , industry minister juan manuel eguiagaray warned on tuesday .
us secretary of state warren christopher will visit the middle east in the middle of this month amid attempts to jumpstart stalled syrian - israeli peace talks , the us ambassador in cairo said on tuesday .
south africa and the united states on tuesday completed a package of ## new bilateral agreements that visiting vice president al gore said would mark `` a new partnership '' between the two countries .
the european monetary system -lrb- ems -rrb- should be replaced by a simpler arrangement for countries which fail to qualify as founders of a single european currency , italian prime minister lamberto dini said on tuesday .
dutch real estate investment group rodamco , a subsidiary of the <unk> company , said tuesday that it had sold ## london office buildings to british firm hemingway properties .
elements of a fresh contingent of german medical corps troops left for croatia tuesday on the eve of an important vote in the german parliament to approve germany 's role in the bosnia peace implementation force .
ukrainian president leonid kuchma declared his visit to china a success tuesday , saying he had learned much from the country 's economic reforms .
gulf arab leaders sought here tuesday to agree on a new secretary general to head the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- , delegates said .
about ## british soldiers and five jeeps arrived at sarajevo airport tuesday aboard three british royal air force planes to join nato vanguard units sent to prepare for the ##,###-strong peace enforcement force .
a businessman standing for election to the russian parliament in the volga city of nizhny novgorod is currently in jail charged with stealing government funds and illegal currency operations , a local newspaper reported here .
the first two witnesses in the trial of former italian premier giulio andreotti testified here tuesday on alleged relations between the mafia and the political establishment in palermo .
an injured labourer died late tuesday bringing to three the number of people killed when police in southern china opened fire with machine guns to disperse rioting by hundreds of workers , reports said .
manchester united 's controversial star eric cantona has been voted the most hated person in football .
us secretary of state warren christopher will visit the middle east in the middle of this month as part of attempts to jumpstart stalled syrian-israeli peace talks , the us ambassador in cairo said on tuesday .
organisers of the cash-strapped #### winter olympics here said tuesday they would have to cut back on financial support for competitors ' traveling costs despite earlier pledges .
the white house on tuesday ruled out a visit by president bill clinton to us troops in bosnia following the signing of the peace accord in paris next week .
some ### campaign workers for opposition parties have been arrested in the days leading up to run-off legislative elections in egypt set for wednesday , police and party sources said tuesday .
bosnia 's ambassador to the united nations said he was repeatedly interrupted tuesday while addressing a red cross conference in a speech highly critical of international relief organizations .
egypt intends to increase its diplomatic mission in iraq and reopen its commercial center in baghdad , a high level egyptian diplomatic source said , quoted by the arab daily al-hayat on tuesday .
turkish prime minister tansu ciller won broad backing in the german parliament as well from the government tuesday for ankara 's bid to secure approval for a customs union between turkey and the european union .
blue-chip stocks climbed here early tuesday , continuing the record - setting rally of the previous day after a brief pause several minutes after the market opened .
british brewer whitbread announced tuesday its intention to build two hotels in the prestigious county hall , the former town hall which dominates the bank of london 's river thames opposite westminster .
the assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin will be formally charged with murder at a tel aviv court on wednesday and his two alleged accomplices will be accused of conspiracy , prosecutors said .
south africa 's <unk> coetzee was named the most outstanding female sportswoman at mid-size united states colleges here tuesday as part of an awards program honoring outstanding women at us schools .
an ##-year-old drug addict stabbed six young people with a knife in hamburg , injuring them seriously , before being wounded himself in the hands and arms , police said tuesday .
a bomb exploded tuesday in an office of the russian parliament in an assassination attempt against a member of the ultra-nationalist liberal democratic party , causing damage but no casualties , moscow echo radio reported .
more than ## percent of the #.## million residents in kuwait are foreigners , many of them asians , according to official statistics published tuesday by the planning ministry .
a top french general who was recalled from bosnia for criticising the dayton peace accord will not return to the balkans , french officials said tuesday .
top un refugee official sadako ogata unveiled tuesday an ambitious three-phase plan for the repatriation of hundreds of thousands of refugees forced to flee their homes in nearly four years of war in the former yugoslavia .
the dollar slipped against other major currencies except the yen here early tuesday in calm trading as the french franc remained under watch on the ##th day of strikes in france .
president hafez al-assad indicated his determination to make `` progress '' in syria 's deadlocked peace negotiations with israel during lengthy talks here tuesday with us envoy dennis ross .
the paris bourse staged a strong advance on tuesday , despite a continuing wave of strikes , as the cac ## index reached #,###.## points at the close , up #.## percent by comparison with the monday evening finish .
palestinian gunmen shot and wounded two israeli soldiers , injuring one seriously , in this occupied west bank town on tuesday , an army spokesman said .
hundreds of thousands of french people took to the streets in massive demonstrations across france tuesday against welfare reform plans by prime minister alain juppe , according to official and union figures .
strained relations between india and pakistan have prevented world champion jansher khan from playing in the mahindra international challenge , which begins wednesday .
bosnia 's ambassador to the united nations was repeatedly interrupted tuesday while addressing a red cross conference in a speech highly critical of international relief organizations , he and several other sources said .
turkish police tuesday seized ## kilograms -lrb- ### lbs -rrb- of pure heroin hidden in compartments of a truck in the eastern city of van , security officials said .
scores of people were arrested in a series of swoops in italy and spain tuesday as police cracked down on an alleged mafia network , police in both countries said .
the western european union 's assembly will vote wednesday on the issue of french nuclear testing after defeating a motion questioning the body 's competence to discuss the matter .
england are considering their first ever soccer tour of south africa next year , as a final warm-up for the european championships .
the un operation lifeline sudan -lrb- ols -rrb- on tuesday welcomed a sudanese government decision to ease restrictions on relief flights to southern sudan from northwest kenya .
between ### and ### demonstrators went on the rampage tuesday at the end of a paris demonstration against premier alain juppe 's welfare reforms , according to afp reporters .
trade union leaders in germany have called for anti-nuclear demonstrations against president jacques chirac when he meets chancellor helmut kohl in baden-baden thursday for the twice-yearly franco-german summit .
prime minister alain juppe clashed with former socialist premier laurent fabius tuesday in a censure debate over controversial welfare reforms .
president bill clinton called tuesday for humanitarian aid to bosnia as a key to keeping the peace in the former yugoslavia .
prime minister alain juppe will make a national tv and radio address tuesday evening on the current strike crisis , his press service said .
former german ss captain erich priebke refused to answer questions tuesday over his role in the execution of ### italians during the closing months of world war ii .
another ## palestinian police arrived in bethlehem on tuesday in preparation for the withdrawal of israeli troops from the west bank town by christmas , a senior official said .
southeast asian countries have committed two billion rand -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in trade and investment in south africa 's main commercial province of gauteng , provincial premier tokyo sexwale said tuesday .
manager terry venables gave his broadest hint yet that he wants to take england into the #### world cup when he called on the english football association to settle his future this month .
russia is to dismantle its last three nuclear reactors currently producing plutonium for use in bombs under an agreement signed with the united states , an atomic energy ministry spokesman said on tuesday .
king juan carlos of spain and former us president jimmy carter were tuesday awarded the unesco peace prize here in a ceremony attended by eight heads of state and un secretary-general boutros boutros-ghali .
the dutch parliament is to discuss the role of dutch un troops during the fall of the bosnian enclave of srebrenica next week in open session in a fresh bout of agonised <unk> over the issue .
colombian soldiers can disobey their superiors if ordered to commit an `` atrocious crime '' or any other violent offense of basic human rights , the nation 's constitutional court has ruled .
nigerian sports minister jim nwobodo rounded on the european union here on tuesday , accusing the eu of breaking international rules with its announcement of a sports boycott against his country .
prime minister alain juppe vowed tuesday to press ahead with his controversial welfare reforms at the root of strikes that have paralysed france for the last ## days .
trade union leaders in germany have called for anti-nuclear demonstrations against president jacques chirac when he meets chancellor helmut kohl in baden-baden thursday for the twice-yearly franco-german summit .
american troops taking part in nato 's peace enforcement mission in bosnia plan to build a bridge across the sava river , which marks the border between croatia and bosnia , to transport their equipment , a western diplomat said here tuesday .
charles haley , a member of four super bowl championship teams , has retired from the dallas cowboys after medical tests showed he needs surgery to repair a herniated disk in his lower back .
resting , sleeping and doing nothing are the favorite leisure pastimes of germans , according to a study published tuesday by the bat leisure research institute .
more than ##,### troops were deployed tuesday in the oil-rich state of zulia to maintain order after angry venezuelans protested the lack of official results from elections three days ago , sources said .
an administrative court on tuesday ordered the results of the first round of egypt 's legislative elections to be canceled in ## districts after complaints about fraud .
nato foreign and defense ministers on tuesday endorsed a detailed plan to send a huge peace force to bosnia within days of a definitive peace deal being signed in paris next week .
prime minister alain juppe proposed tuesday relaunching talks with unions over his controversial welfare reform plans , at the root of strikes which have paralysed france for the past ## days .
general pavel grachev ended on tuesday the first visit by a russian defense minister to israel with the two countries agreeing to boost military cooperation .
prime minister alain juppe vowed tuesday to press ahead with his controversial welfare reforms , at the root of strikes that have paralysed france for the last ## days .
the path walked by jesus christ when he was arrested by the romans #,### years ago has been discovered in east jerusalem , israeli archaeologists said tuesday .
copper fell back tuesday on the london metal exchange -lrb- lme -rrb- followed by aluminum because of poor fundamentals and liquidations , dealers said .
market demand remained firm at the final winter mohair sale here tuesday , with about ## percent of the bales on offer sold , the cape mohair board said .
boris becker , aiming for a double in the season-ending tennis events , was made to fight all the way by frenchman cedric pioline in the six million dollar grand slam cup here on tuesday .
us diplomats in lima are providing assistance to a ##-year-old american woman who has been arrested by peruvian authorities for terrorism , the state department said tuesday .
italian prime minister lamberto dini said tuesday that the european union `` has to draw closer to its citizens '' and warned that a rushed program aimed at achieving economic and monetary union -lrb- emu -rrb- could cause splits .
several senior saudi leaders visited king fahd in hospital late tuesday , the official spa news agency said .
french public transport will remain at a standstill wednesday amid the continued standoff between unions and government which climaxed in a no-confidence debate tuesday evening , officials said .
market demand remained firm at the final winter mohair sale here tuesday , with about ## percent of the bales on offer sold , the cape mohair board said .
mario lemieux , who missed last season while recovering from treatments for hodgkin 's disease , is back atop the national hockey league -lrb- nhl -rrb- scoring race through one-third of the season .
between ### and ### demonstrators went on the rampage tuesday at the end of a paris demonstration against prime minister alain juppe 's welfare reforms , officials and eyewitnesses said .
spanish prime minister felipe gonzalez met his british counterpart john major here tuesday for informal talks ahead of the european council meeting in spain later this month .
a <unk> delegation of french deputies will go to belgrade wednesday hoping to win the release of two french pilots shot down in a bombing mission over bosnia three months ago and believed captured .
president bill clinton called tuesday for private humanitarian aid to bosnia while his republican predecessor george bush expressed qualified support for clinton 's bosnia policy .
forty-three students are to be charged with riotous conduct after they went on the rampage armed with clubs and knives following a soccer match , police here said tuesday .
saudi king fahd who was hospitalised last week reportedly suffering from a blood clot on his brain is `` doing well , '' the us state department said tuesday quoting saudi authorities .
expectations of a reshuffle of the german government centring on the role of the free democrats , junior coalition partner of the ruling christian union parties , grew in bonn political circles tuesday evening .
the leader of force ouvriere , a key union behind the strike action gripping france , said tuesday that prime minister alain juppe 's offer of new consultations was not enough , and that strikes would continue .
the english swimming association are threatening legal action against french officials over their handling of an alleged drug case involving former world short-course ## metres freestyle champion mark foster .
israeli police on tuesday filed charges of premeditated murder against yitzhak rabin 's assassin and accused him of dreaming up ways with his brother and a friend of killing the prime minister .
white house negotiators headed back into negotiations with republicans tuesday with a set of `` serious ideas '' for balancing the us budget in seven years , presidential spokesman mike mccurry said .
french prime minister alain juppe tried tuesday to play down a crippling wave of strikes , but found himself the target of abuse when he referred to unemployed civil service workers instead of strikers .
several senior saudi leaders visited king fahd in hospital late tuesday , the official spa news agency said .
us secretary of state warren christopher said tuesday support was growing in the us congress for the deployment of ##,### us troops as part of an international peace enforcement force in bosnia .
rjr nabisco holdings corporation said tuesday that the company 's president , steven goldstone , would also take on the responsibilities of chief executive officer .
at least seven people died when a tupolev airliner crashed on a domestic flight in azerbaijan on tuesday , interfax news agency said .
a no-confidence motion tabled by opposition deputies against conservative prime minister alain juppe over his welfare reform plans was massively defeated in a vote tuesday night , officials said .
key union leaders on tuesday hit out at prime minister alain juppe 's offer of new consultations on his welfare reform plans , two of them vowing immediately that strikes would continue .
swedish finance minister goeran persson said tuesday he would stand for the post of leader of the ruling social democrat party after the resignation of prime minister ingvar carlsson next march .
the assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin is to be defended by a lawyer from a west bank jewish settlement , and his costs will be met by a jewish american organization , state television said tuesday .
following is the full text of the charges against the assassin of prime minister yitzhak rabin published on tuesday .
an arbitrator ruled tuesday that center alexei yashin 's contract with the ottawa senators is valid and binding , averting a possible free agency crisis in the national hockey league .
bosnia 's ambassador to the united nations was repeatedly interrupted tuesday while addressing a red cross conference in a speech highly critical of international relief organizations , he and several other sources said .
two children of the `` house of horrors '' couple fred and rosemary west , who tortured and killed ten young women , will tell wednesday how they were beaten and sexually abused in a horrifying reign of terror .
michael chang , whose astonishing energy pitched him into the atp championship final two weeks ago , crashed out in the first round of the six million dollar grand slam cup here on tuesday .
psv eindhoven survived a succession of goalmouth scares and the loss of their goalkeeper on tuesday to reach the uefa cup quarter-finals at the expense of struggling werder bremen .
un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata arrived in belgrade late on tuesday on the third leg of her tour of the former yugoslavia , unhcr officials said here .
the #### nobel literature prizewinner , irish poet seamus heaney , arrived in stockholm tuesday for five days of celebration before he officially receives what he called the `` awesome prize '' at a ceremony here december ## .
billy owens , number two scorer for the surprisingly strong miami heat , will miss the next seven to ## days of the national basketball association season with a right shoulder bruise .
the royal bank of canada on tuesday posted profits of #.## billion dollars canadian -lrb- ### million dollars us -rrb- in #### , up eight percent compared to the previous fiscal year .
at least ## people died and several were injured when a tupolev passenger plane carrying ## people crashed on a domestic flight in azerbaijan on tuesday , interfax news agency said .
german chancellor helmut kohl on tuesday sent his congratulations to the new nato secretary-general , javier solana , assuring him of his `` total support , '' kohl 's office said in a statement .
nottingham forest booked their place in the uefa cup quarter-finals here on tuesday night , holding lyon to a hard-fought #-# draw after having won the home leg #-# .
cuban leader fidel castro may still hold the reins in cuba , but that did n't stop a conservative us political group from issuing a guide tuesday to life without him .
mexican president ernesto zedillo reiterated tuesday he would not agree to impunity for corrupt officials , a remark that could have implications for former president carlos salinas .
sweden , the only european union country which has not yet recalled its ambassador from nigeria , intends to do so soon although no formal decision has yet been taken , foreign minister len hjelm-wallen said tuesday , according to tt news agency .
the number of sectarian murders in northern ireland has fallen dramatically since the #### ceasefires declared by paramilitary groups , but punishment beatings have risen sharply , the british government disclosed tuesday .
white house negotiators resumed budget talks with republicans tuesday , offering what the administration said were `` serious ideas '' to overcome an impasse over how to balance the budget in seven years .
the mexican stock market slipped tuesday , while the caracas exchange was up and share prices in buenos aires and lima remained stable .
former european champions bayern munich , barcelona , psv eindhoven and nottingham forest all booked their places in the uefa cup quarter - finals on tuesday night .
former european champions bayern munich , barcelona , psv eindhoven and nottingham forest all booked their places in the uefa cup quarter - finals on tuesday night .
two swedish footballers , pelle <unk> and patrik svensson , will probably join the chinese team wanda for the #### season .
the dollar fell back tuesday against other major currencies as traders waited for the release of november unemployment figures .
authorities in mexico city , considered one of the most polluted cities in the world , announced on tuesday new restrictions on cars and industries to reduce air pollution .
the eight south american nations that contain portions of the amazon jungle have agreed to form a permanent secretariat as part of an accord signed here tuesday .
at least ## people were killed and several seriously injured when a tupolev passenger plane carrying ## people crashed on a domestic flight in azerbaijan on tuesday , interfax news agency said .
grain and soy product prices rose sharply tuesday on the chicago futures market .
sri lankan cricket manager duleep mendis has brushed aside fresh rumblings over the action of one of the side 's key bowlers -- off - spinner muttiah muralidharan .
a french magistrate on tuesday charged two top officials of bouygues , one of the world 's biggest construction companies , with corruption - related offences over a <unk> slush fund scandal , reliable sources said here .
president bill clinton called tuesday for private humanitarian aid to bosnia and said efforts to rebuild the devastated region must include the pursuit of war criminals .
up to ## private universities here could be closed because of a new law requiring them to meet certain standards in regards to facilities and <unk> ratios , a salvadoran official said tuesday .
an earthquake registering #.# on the richter scale shook eastern turkey late tuesday , causing a number of injuries in tunceli province , the anatolia news agency reported .
two greenpeace ships seized by the french navy during protests of nuclear testing at mururoa atoll in september will not be returned to the ecological movement , a french polynesian court ruled tuesday .
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here in early morning trading wednesday , compared with ###.## yen in new york late tuesday and ###.## yen here tuesday afternoon .
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here in early morning trading wednesday , compared with ###.## yen in new york late tuesday and ###.## yen here tuesday afternoon .
share prices opened slightly higher on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
a man using a <unk> <unk> discovered a hoard of ### roman gold coins , including some from the reign of the emperor nero , in a field near oxford , the times reported wednesday .
more than ## people were killed and dozens injured when a tupolev passenger plane carrying ## people crashed on a domestic flight in azerbaijan on tuesday , itar-tass news agency said .
the rwandan government said tuesday it was prepared to consider a three-month extension of the un assistance mission in rwanda -lrb- unamir -rrb- with a revised mandate and a smaller presence , according to western diplomats .
beef was taken off the menu in hundreds of british schools tuesday as government scientists failed to calm fears over the spread of `` mad cow disease .
american football legend o.j. simpson , whose sensational murder trial grabbed worldwide attention this year , has discussed a possible interview with cable news network -lrb- cnn -rrb- , a cnn spokesman said tuesday .
nigeria 's military regime took a step towards giving up power tuesday when it set up three new bodies as part of a planned transition to civilian rule within the next three years , presidency spokesman david attah said .
swedish foreign trade minister mats hellstroem demanded tuesday that the swedish war munitions inspection -lrb- kmi -rrb- investigate charges that a swedish company paid bribes to thai officials in a bid to win a submarine contract .
administrative courts on tuesday ordered the results of the first round of egypt 's general elections to be canceled in ## of the country 's ### constituencies after complaints about fraud , court officials said .
white house negotiators resumed budget talks with republican lawmakers tuesday , promising to present its plan to balance budget in seven years by the end of the week , participants said .
a strong earthquake registering #.# on the richter scale tuesday shook <unk> , east timor , leaving some buildings damaged , a meteorology official said wednesday .
the head of sony usa , michael <unk> , is resigning , the company said in a statement released tuesday .
advertising expenditures rose seven percent this year and should go up just as much next year for the third rise in as many years , according to industry analysts .
gold opened higher here wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
the argentine economy will contract by #.# percent this year , the first negative figures for gross domestic product in four years , economy minister juan <unk> said tuesday .
controversial former auckland coach john hart was wednesday named as the coach of new zealand 's rugby all blacks , taking over from laurie mains who retired at the end of the french tour last month , the new zealand rugby football union -lrb- nzrfu -rrb- council decided wednesday .
president suharto 's younger half brother <unk> <unk> sucipto , who recently died in the netherlands , was buried in yogyakarta , central java on tuesday , the state news agency reported wednesday .
share prices rose sharply on the tokyo stock exchange on wednesday morning , with domestic investors returning to the market on growing optimism , brokers said .
a giant nuclear protest billboard featuring the french flag painted across bare female buttocks was re-erected here wednesday , a month after its removal was ordered by the city council .
striking machinists and management at the boeing co. said tuesday they would resume talks in a bid to end a two-month work stoppage .
five men accused of stealing cars worth #.# million yuan -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- were sentenced to death in beijing , reports said wednesday .
two greenpeace ships seized by the french navy during protests of nuclear testing at mururoa atoll in september will not be returned to the ecological movement , a french polynesian court ruled tuesday .
early returns from a weekend legislative vote here tuesday showed that a retired army commander who led a failed coup had lost the governor 's race even though most of his opponents had conceded defeat .
the un high commissioner for human rights jose ayala lasso in the east timor capital of dili questioned the #### massacre there in which scores of civilians were shot by the military , the official antara news agency reported wednesday .
the first edition of the asia times , a regional business daily billed as asia 's answer to the wall street journal and the financial times , rolled off the presses in three asian cities wednesday .
a suicide attack and an ambush on police by tamil tiger guerrillas in eastern sri lanka killed at least ## constables , defense sources said wednesday .
the first of indonesia 's new generation `` c '' series telecommunication satellites is to be launched from the united states in january , a spokesman of pt satelindo which owns the satellite said wednesday .
a four-year ### million dollar -lrb- ### million us -rrb- plan to speed australia down the information superhighway into a new high-tech millenium was unveiled by prime minister paul keating wednesday .
south korea 's ruling party on wednesday changed its name , calling itself the `` new korea party , '' in a bid to distance itself from two disgraced former generals-turned-president , a spokesman said .
shanghai 's international telephone connection has broken down , the shanghai post and telecommunication -lrb- spt -rrb- bureau said wednesday .
china on wednesday ordered local authorities to immediately pay arrears on value-added and consumption taxes , which are the government 's main revenue sources , reports said .
jailed ex-president chun doo-hwan is refusing food in protest against incumbent president kim young-sam 's breach of his promise not to punish him , his aides said wednesday .
south korea 's ruling party on wednesday changed its name , calling itself the `` new korea party , '' in a bid to distance itself from two disgraced former generals-turned-president , a spokesman said .
the dollar was steady against the yen and the mark here wednesday , with investor sentiment towards the us unit improving after recent declines , dealers said .
australia on wednesday welcomed indonesia 's choice of a senior career diplomat as its new ambassador to canberra after the nomination of general herman mantiri was withdrawn last july .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher on wednesday , with domestic investors returning to the market as buyers on the back of growing optimism about near-term prospects , brokers said .
forty-nine people were killed and ## injured when a tupolev passenger plane crashed on a domestic flight in azerbaijan on tuesday , interfax news agency said , quoting an investigator into the accident .
china has repeated assurances that no shadow government will be set up in hong kong before the handover of the territory to beijing in #### , a chinese official said wednesday .
john hart was appointed new zealand 's new national rugby coach on wednesday and living up to his controversial background promised a more outgoing all black side .
as france 's crippling transport strike approaches the end of its second week , manufacturers and distributors are beginning to feel the pinch , while toy makers and vendors fear a disastrous christmas .
tamil tiger guerrillas have launched an all-out recruitment drive in an attempt to push back sri lankan troops who wrested control of their former stronghold of jaffna , tamil sources said wednesday .
japanese share prices closed one percent higher on wednesday , with the key nikkei stock average ending above ##,### for the first time since january ## .
prime minister yitzhak rabin 's self-confessed assassin , law student yigal amir , was formally charged in a tel aviv court with premeditated murder on wednesday .
sri lanka president chandrika kumaratunga on wednesday offered an amnesty to tamil tiger guerrillas in a national address to mark the military victory in taking the rebel bastion of jaffna .
prime minister yitzhak rabin 's confessed assassin , law student yigal amir , was formally charged in a tel aviv court with premeditated murder on wednesday and his trial set for december ## .
general dmitry <unk> , head of the russian presidential commission on prisoners-of-war who fell victim to stalin 's terror , died early wednesday in hospital aged ## , interfax news agency reported .
former south korean president chun doo-hwan has launched a hunger protest in his prison cell and is morbidly contemplating death , bitter at what he sees as betrayal by president kim young-sam , his aides said wednesday .
gulf arab leaders were set to condemn president saddam hussein for the suffering of his people and the continuation of un economic sanctions in a tough final communique at their annual summit here wednesday .
prime minister yitzhak rabin 's confessed assassin , law student yigal amir , was formally charged in a tel aviv court with premeditated murder on wednesday and his trial set for december ## .
gulf arab leaders were set wednesday to condemn iraqi president saddam hussein for the suffering of his people and the continuation of un economic sanctions in a tough statement at their annual summit .
former president roh tae-woo and a dozen people linked to south korea 's massive slush-fund scandal will be put on trial from december ## , judges said on wednesday .
guerrillas attacked an israeli patrol in the occupied security zone in south lebanon on wednesday leaving several casualties , security sources said .
armed robbers stole a car rented by a french diplomat in nairobi and left the driver in a forest after stripping him naked , beating him and taking #,### kenyan shillings -lrb- about ## dollars -rrb- , newspapers reported wednesday .
president boris yeltsin has signed legislation on formation of the upper house of parliament , which is to group elected regional leaders , interfax news agency reported wednesday .
a bomb which exploded in an russian parliament office in an assassination bid against an ultra-nationalist deputy consisted of three grenades and a timer , russian police said wednesday , quoted by interfax .
the saudi news media on wednesday showed king fahd greeting visitors for the first time since he was admitted to hospital a week ago .
an influenza epidemic has broken out in moscow after a four-year lull and medical students are to bolster staff at the city 's clinics , the head of the moscow health department told interfax news agency wednesday .
enraged troops torched ## villages , killed two people and <unk> more than ## others in a revenge rampage after a soldier was murdered by villagers in a <unk> brawl , police said wednesday .
an israeli soldier and four guerrillas were killed in a clash in the occupied security zone in south lebanon on wednesday , security sources said .
norway 's retail trade rose #.# percent in october compared to october #### and climbed #.# percent in the period january-october against the same period last year , the national statistics office said wednesday .
two key french unions called wednesday for nationwide strikes to `` intensify , '' after rebuffing an offer of talks by prime minister alain juppe over his controversial welfare reform plans .
australia 's anti-doping agency called on world swimming federation officials on wednesday to resign over their failure to enforce an effective drug testing program .
foreign minister ehud barak proposed to syria on wednesday a full of range of talks to reach a peace treaty and an israeli withdrawal from the golan heights .
china , north and south korea , mongolia and russia are to sign long - awaited agreements wednesday at the united nations in new york aimed at breathing new life into plans for a north asian economic zone .
chancellor helmut kohl on wednesday asked hesitant germans to support sending #,### soldiers to join the international peacekeeping force in the former yugoslavia .
two managers of state enterprises in sichuan province were executed last week for embezzling more than half a million dollars , the people 's court news reported wednesday .
the labor unrest which is severely disrupting economic activity across france , notably hitting postal services , has boosted traffic on the internet , according to officials who monitor the worldwide electronic network .
herewith are details on the deployment of nato forces in ex - yugoslavia .
jordan 's king hussein held talks wednesday with israeli prime minister shimon peres on his first visit to amman since succeeding assassinated yitzhak rabin , officials said .
britain 's total industrial output fell by #.# percent in october from a revised gain of o. # percent in september , seasonally-adjusted official figures showed on wednesday .
three farmers were beheaded during a rebel attack on a village in eastern sierra leone , military authorities announced wednesday .
at least a dozen people were detained by the indonesian authorities in the runup to a visit to east timor by the top un representative on human rights , sources said wednesday .
china has made the olympic rhythmic gymnastic competition as a wild card , atlanta organising committee head billy payne said here wednesday .
south korean prosecutors on wednesday launched an intensive investigation into slush funds transferred by jailed ex-president roh tae-woo to politicians .
four guerrillas and a soldier were killed wednesday when an israeli patrol ambushed a group of gunmen trying to infiltrate the border `` security zone '' in south lebanon , security sources said .
the sri lanka team closed ranks wednesday around young off-spinner muttiah muralidharan whose bowling action has come in for increasing attention .
the cambodian government on wednesday lashed out at its critics , releasing a five-page statement that said negative and exaggerated reports were giving the two-year-old government a `` bad reputation .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher on wednesday , with the key nikkei stock average ending above ##,### for the first time since january ## , but other asian markets were weakened by profit-taking .
the bundesbank held its base repurchase rate at #.## percent under a regular ##-day arrangement on wednesday when it made available a net amount of #.# billion marks -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- .
leaders of germany 's free democratic party , junior partner in chancellor helmut kohl 's centre-right coalition , held a crisis meeting wednesday amid speculation about the resignation of economy minister guenter rexrodt , one of the party 's three ministers .
gunmen shot dead a supporter of the ruling national democratic party on wednesday as voting opened in parliamentary election run-offs , police said .
the franc fell early on wednesday as strikers tightened their stranglehold on the french economy after the government had tempered toughness over reforms with hints of compromise over details .
shares here fell slightly in early trading wednesday , with some profit taking and britain 's industrial production data which showed a #.# percent fall in output for october .
lecturers at swaziland university began a two-day strike wednesday for better pay and working conditions , the south african press association reported .
the wives of two french air force pilots missing in bosnia since august have written to president jacques chirac demanding that the bosnian peace accords not be signed until their husbands are freed .
visiting us vice president al gore tried his hand at <unk> wednesday when he toured a us-sponsored training center in this industrial area near johannesburg .
the duchess of york 's diamond bracelet and necklace , stolen on a new york to london flight monday , have been recovered in new york , british airways said wednesday .
the united states will return thousands of documents the haitian government said were seized during last year 's us military occupation of the country , the washington post said wednesday .
malawian government officials and international donors were wednesday frantically preparing details of the aid the southern african state will seek at the paris consultative group meeting next week .
a saudi diplomat was named on wednesday as the new secretary general of the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- , an economic and security grouping of the six oil-rich gulf arab states , a gulf delegate said .
gunmen shot dead a supporter of president hosni mubarak 's ruling party on wednesday as violence flared during second-round voting in egypt 's turbulent parliamentary elections .
the french franc stabilised on european currency markets wednesday morning after its rally tuesday night , while the dollar and sterling both lost some ground .
at least seven people were injured wednesday in a bomb blast in the northern indian state of punjab , the press trust of india said .
some #,### serbs from bosnia-hercegovina are leaving three villages which are to revert to the croat-moslem federation under the dayton peace accord , a spokesman for the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- said wednesday .
president jacques chirac on wednesday backed prime minister alain juppe in his fight with unions over controversial welfare reforms , officials said .
four guerrillas and a soldier were killed wednesday when an israeli patrol ambushed a group of gunmen trying to infiltrate the border `` security zone '' in south lebanon , security sources said .
gulf arab leaders were set wednesday to condemn a deadly car bombing in saudi arabia last month and express deep concern over the `` increase in terrorist attacks '' in the region .
president jacques chirac on wednesday expressed his complete backing for prime minister alain juppe in his fight with unions over controversial welfare reforms , officials said .
the french government reduced its forecast figure for growth of the economy this year to #.#-# .## percent from #.# percent on wednesday .
a european consortium said wednesday it was setting up a joint venture to boost its bid to become the western partner helping china and south korea develop a ###-seater jet , in a further sign it was near to winning the hotly-contested deal .
lawmakers traded insults and exchanged blows in the legislature of the western indian state of maharashtra on wednesday on the third anniversary of the razing of the babri mosque by hindu extremists .
a group of managers of private foreign exchange offices have been arrested for illegal currency dealing , the independent akhbar al-youm newspaper reported wednesday .
at least seven people were injured in a powerful bomb blast in the city of ludhiana in the northern indian state of punjab on wednesday , the press trust of india said .
saudi arabia lifted a veil of mystery on wednesday when it showed king fahd greeting visitors for the first time since he was admitted to hospital a week ago .
chile and colombia have signed a bilateral agreement to stimulate two - way trade currently worth about ### million us dollars , the chilean foreign ministry said .
russia may back a french proposal to provide extra security guarantees for serbs living in sarajevo but is against any revision of the dayton peace accord , a senior foreign ministry official told interfax news agency wednesday .
the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- will send more than ### parliamentarians from ## countries to observe the russian legislative elections set for december ## , an osce statement said here wednesday .
southeast asian shipowners wednesday agreed on a blueprint aimed at coping with increasing regulatory requirements , especially western anti-pollution laws .
three navy officers have been sentenced from two to eight years in prison for their role in the murder ## years ago of a university professor suspected of being a guerrilla .
rebels from taiwan 's ruling kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- wednesday launched a drive to replace president lee teng-hui as party head , despite a decision to delay the expulsion of two maverick party vice-chairmen .
the washington-based interamerican development bank will lend peru #.# billion dollars over the next three years for development programs in several sectors , idb officials said here .
heavy snow across the bosnian capital on wednesday delayed the arrival of nine nato planes carrying men and equipment ahead of the deployment of the alliance 's peace implementation force , officials said .
south african promoter mike segal said wednesday that a rematch ordered by the world boxing organization between junior flyweight champion jacob `` baby jake '' matlala of south africa and former champ paul weir of scotland will take place in johannesburg early next year .
president jacques chirac on wednesday expressed his complete backing for prime minister alain juppe in his fight with unions over controversial welfare reforms , officials said .
germany wants a future single currency to be called the <unk> in germany , finance minister theo waigel said on wednesday shortly after the the benelux governments had also opted for the euro .
russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev wednesday maintained moscow 's steadfast opposition to nato 's planned enlargement in eastern europe , in advance of a meeting with the us secretary of state .
italian prime minister lamberto dini and his british counterpart john major opened their annual bilateral summit here wednesday .
gulf arab leaders on wednesday condemned president saddam hussein 's government for prolonging the suffering of iraqis and urged it to comply immediately with un demands imposed after the #### gulf war .
sales of french wines to sweden have slumped by ## percent since officials here called for a boycott to protest at nuclear tests in the south pacific , the daily dagens nyheter said wednesday .
an international conference starting here friday will lay the groundwork for implementing the peace plan agreed in the united states last month for rebuilding a bosnia ravaged by more than three years of war .
qatar 's emir sheikh hamad ibn khalifa al-thani on wednesday boycotted the final session of the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- summit to protest the naming of a saudi as gcc secretary general , delegates said .
brewer and leisure group bass plc announced pre-tax profits of ### million pounds sterling -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- wednesday , up ## percent on last year , despite a slow-down in its leisure business caused by britain 's national lottery .
the german bundestag -lrb- lower house -rrb- voted wednesday by a wide majority to send around #,### german soldiers to the former yugoslavia to support the international peace force for bosnia .
forty-five military officers from the nato force that is to implement the bosnia peace accord arrived here wednesday to set up the temporary heaquarters of the alliance 's operation ahead of the full deployment .
kenyans go to the polls on thursday in by-elections for two key parliamentary seats that could indicate how far president daniel arap moi 's ruling kenya african national union -lrb- kanu -rrb- party has made inroads into leading opposition strongholds in the country .
angolan president jose eduardo dos santos on wednesday left on a visit to the united states , where he said he would ask for further international aid in rebuilding his country after two decades of civil war .
qatar 's emir sheikh hamad ibn khalifa al-thani on wednesday walked out of a gulf arab summit to protest the naming of a saudi as gulf cooperation council secretary general , delegates said .
the us index of leading economic indicators , the government 's main economic forecasting gauge , fell #.# percent in october , the commerce department said wednesday .
pakistani authorities incinerated more than ## tonnes of seized opium , heroin , hashish and chemicals used in drug-making here wednesday .
germany had a trade surplus of #.# billion marks -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- in september , official figures showed on wednesay , surprising some analysts who had expected a figure of #.# billion marks owing to the mark 's strength .
five people were killed and ## injured in egypt on wednesday during run-off parliamentary elections , police and opposition parties said .
the european union has decided to look between the lines of an alliance between bertelsmann and deutsche telekom with america online to see if it conceals any threat to competition in the european on - line information industry , the commission said on wednesday .
the death toll in a suicide attack and an ambush on police by tamil tiger guerrillas in eastern sri lanka has risen to at least ## , including ## constables , defense sources here said wednesday .
swedish industrial group skf , the world 's largest manufacturer of ball bearings , will form a joint venture with private german company ina , skf said wednesday .
two managers of state enterprises in sichuan province were executed last week for embezzling more than half a million dollars , the people 's court news reported wednesday .
qatar 's emir sheikh hamad ibn khalifa al-thani on wednesday walked out of a gulf arab summit in an unprecedented protest over the naming of a saudi as the new head of the gulf cooperation council .
russian president boris yeltsin has signed a law on formation of the upper house of parliament stipulating that its regional leaders will have to be elected rather than appointed , interfax news agency reported wednesday .
the mark 's relative fragility on wednesday boosted the dollar and the french franc on the london forex market , as the franc moved back below #.## to the mark despite continued large-scale strikes in france .
moslem militants injured three policemen , one seriously , in a failed attempt to murder the deputy head of security in the southern minya province on wednesday , police said .
president jacques chirac of france and german chancellor helmut kohl are expected to announce the `` pegging '' of the franc and mark , london 's evening standard newspaper reported wednesday .
at least ## people were injured in a powerful bomb blast in the city of ludhiana in the northern indian state of punjab on wednesday , the press trust of india said .
a five-day international conference on aids began here wednesday aimed at charting global guidelines on protecting the rights of sufferers , spreading awareness and fighting the disease .
france , under fire for its nuclear tests in the south pacific , said wednesday it would complete the program in february of next year rather than may as originally planned .
four syrian-backed guerrillas and a soldier were killed wednesday when an israeli patrol ambushed a group trying to infiltrate the border `` security zone '' in south lebanon , security sources said .
a us c### hercules transport plane flew in to the un airbase at tuzla , northern bosnia , wednesday making the first flight into the military airfield in over one and a half years , un spokesman <unk> <unk> said .
china has become one of moscow 's leading military partners , russian defense minister pavel grachev said wednesday during talks with liu huaqing , vice-chairman of china 's powerful central military commission .
roy keane 's chances of playing in the republic of ireland 's crunch european championship decider against holland at anfield next week were fading on wednesday after it was revealed that he is yet to resume full training .
finnish opposition to the european union is on the rise almost one year after the country joined the body , with ## percent of finns against membership , a new poll showed wednesday .
seven people were killed and ## injured in egypt on wednesday when violence erupted during run-off parliamentary elections , police and opposition parties said .
st helens rejected speculation on wednesday that welsh star scott gibbs could be set to follow the example of his compatriot jonathan davies and return to rugby union .
ambitious first division outfit birmingham were expected on wednesday to clinch the signing of highly-rated barcelona striker ronnie ekelund .
the tibetan government-in-exile said on wednesday that china would officially enthrone a rival candidate on friday as the reincarnation of the panchen lama , the second highest figure in tibetan buddhism .
france , under fire for its nuclear tests in the south pacific , said wednesday it would complete the program in february of next year rather than may as originally planned .
at least ## people were killed and five captured when heavy fighting erupted again between the rahanwein resistance army -lrb- rra -rrb- and militiamen loyal to general mohamed farah aidid in the southwestern town of baidoa , rra spokesman mohamed nur <unk> said wednesday .
us construction spending rose #.# percent in october , the commerce department said wednesday .
an arianespace launch planned for late wednesday , if successful , will be the ##th this year , a record for the french space agency , company chief francoise <unk> said here .
the rebel south sudan independence movement\/army -lrb- ssim\/a -rrb- on wednesday accused the rival sudan people 's liberation movement\/army -lrb- splm\/a -rrb- of abducting more than #,### minors and wounded men and sending them to fight against sudanese government forces .
the union of arab journalists on wednesday denounced the `` cycle of violence '' in algeria where two journalists have been killed since the weekend .
eleven people were killed and ## injured in egypt on wednesday when violence erupted during run-off parliamentary elections , police and opposition parties said .
a us c### hercules transport plane flew in to the un airbase at tuzla , northern bosnia , wednesday making the first flight into the military airfield in over one and a half years , un spokesman <unk> <unk> said .
a row was brewing in the liberian capital wednesday after warlord and co-president charles taylor accused officials from un aid officials and other humanitarian agencies of discouraging liberian refugees from returning home .
jordan may ask israel to upgrade its fleet of f-## fighters in an unprecedented show of military cooperation between the two countries who last year signed a peace treaty , israeli radio said wednesday .
senate majority leader bob dole , yielding to pressure from influential senators , has postponed debate on a resolution supporting deployment of us troops to bosnia in a nato peacekeeping mission .
croats and serbs due to hand over land to each other under the terms of the dayton accords are carrying out a systematic `` scorched earth '' policy to ensure their adversaries take as little comfort as possible from the move , un officials said wednesday .
french president jacques chirac warned serbia wednesday of diplomatic retaliation if the fate of two missing french pilots believed to be held by bosnian serbs is not revolved , officials said .
italy 's constitutional court on wednesday rejected an appeal by former justice minister filippo mancuso against his dismissal .
italian prime minister lamberto dini proposed on wednesday that there should be a study of the risks involved in having some european union members but not others take part in the third phase of economic and monetary union -lrb- emu -rrb- .
angolan president jose eduardo dos santos left for the united states wednesday , where he said he would ask for further international aid in rebuilding his country , shattered by two decades of civil war .
the paris bourse scored a substantial gain on wednesday as the cac ## index finished the day at #,###.## points , up #.## percent by comparison with the tuesday evening close .
un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali on wednesday said he regretted the us withdrawal from the united nations industrial development organisation -lrb- unido -rrb- , a statement said here .
coffee prices on the london futures market plummeted over the last few days after a long spell at their peak , as speculators off-loaded contracts while demand remained stagnant .
the swedish war munitions inspection -lrb- kmi -rrb- will investigate charges that the swedish company kockums paid bribes to thai officials in a bid to win a submarine contract , the watchdog said wednesday .
france must change economic policy , charles pasqua , once known as the ` <unk> ' of the governing rpr party , urged on wednesday , suggesting relaxation of the strong franc policy and the launch of a massive national loan .
the resignation of sony usa president and chief executive michael <unk> is the latest chapter in a series of misfortunes for the japanese firm seeking to become a major player in hollywood .
blue-chip stocks rose sharply wednesday , soaring over the #,###-point barrier on momentum from their long rally streak and a plunge in long - term interest rates after a us economic report .
un special envoy shaharyar khan on wednesday accused zaire and tanzania of giving political support to `` <unk> '' in refugee camps who `` even went to the extent of killing people who wished to return home .
the azerbaijan airlines office here on wednesday denied allegations that an airline plane which crashed tuesday during a flight between nakhichevan and baku had originally taken off from turkey .
french president jacques chirac warned serbia wednesday of diplomatic retaliation if the fate of two missing french pilots believed to be held by bosnian serbs is not revolved , officials said .
a tripartite force of croatian , bosnian and turkish troops began policing wednesday the northwest bosnian town of velika kladusa to encourage the return of some ##,### rebel moslem refugees in croatia .
mozambique faces three more years of <unk> austerity , a government source said wednesday , as inflation remained alarmingly high at twice the targetted rate .
the iraqi parliament has begun to debate a draft bill to set up local assemblies as part of proposed political reforms in the country , newspapers reported wednesday .
a proposal by a leading member of turkey 's ultra-rightwing nationalist action party -lrb- mhp -rrb- for islamic prayers to be said in turkish sparked a bitter controversy within the party wednesday .
president bill clinton basked in the growing support for his bosnia policy wednesday , telling a group of bipartisan backers that this is america 's chance to project its leadership around the world .
birmingham city were charged wednesday by the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- with misconduct over crowd trouble at their first division match against millwall last month .
the dollar firmed against other major currencies here wednesday in a moderately active market , boosted by technical buying after the greenback overcame resistance at #.#### marks and speculation that germany will cut key interest rates .
world number-one pete sampras defied a <unk> to make a winning start to the lucrative grand slam cup here tuesday defeating fellow american patrick mcenroe #-# , #-# for a quarter-final slot .
the duchess of york 's stolen diamonds were recovered in new york by the fbi after a massive transatlantic police hunt ending with the arrest of a young airport baggage handler , british airways said wednesday .
cyprus would support the deployment of a multinational force including greek and turkish troops on the island if a solution to its ##-year division is found , an official said wednesday .
three men , including a leading loyalist politician , were convicted here wednesday of conspiring to provide guns to an outlawed northern ireland loyalist paramilitary group , the ulster volunteer force .
a bomb exploded wednesday at the home of two leading <unk> of the ruling liberal party , causing damage but no injuries , police said .
northampton <unk> paul grayson and matt dawson will earn their first caps when england play western samoa at twickenham on december ## .
several people died and around ## were hurt when a double-decker bus fell into an austrian lake on wednesday , police said .
a team of us negotiators will head to the balkans thursday to prepare for the implementation of the peace accord initialled last month in ohio , key negotiator richard holbrooke said wednesday .
at least ## people were injured in a powerful bomb blast in the city of ludhiana in the northern indian state of punjab on wednesday , the press trust of india said .
a relief convoy carrying ## tons of food , seeds , essential drugs and other supplies left here wednesday by road for liberia 's northwestern lofa county .
italy 's centre-left alliance , a loose coalition which supports prime minister lamberto dini , called wednesday for early parliamentary elections to be held before june ## when italy 's tenure of the european union presidency expires .
five people were killed in a mine attack in eastern zaire where some million rwandan people are seeking refuge , zairean prime minister kengo wa dondo said wednesday .
french president jacques chirac threatened serbia with military and diplomatic retaliation wednesday unless two missing french pilots believed held by rebel bosnian serbs were released safely , officials said .
the index of leading economic indicators , the government 's main economic forecasting gauge , fell #.# percent in october , the commerce department said .
montreal canadians star netminder patrick roy was sold to colorado -lrb- <unk> nordiques -rrb- on wednesday in the wake of sunday 's dispute at the club .
general dmitry <unk> , the historian and head of the russian presidential commission on prisoners-of-war who fell victim to stalin 's terror , died early wednesday in hospital aged ## , interfax news agency reported .
an islamic contact group on bosnia will meet in a week 's time in london to discuss the peace agreement for the war-torn republic , egyptian foreign minister amr mussa said wednesday .
four syrian-backed guerrillas and a soldier were killed wednesday when an israeli patrol ambushed a group trying to infiltrate the border `` security zone '' in south lebanon , security sources said .
a labor peer confirmed wednesday what many britons have long suspected -- that the house of lords is a `` haven for old people .
president bill clinton will consider extending the deployment of us troops in bosnia beyond one year , former national security advisor zbigniew brzezinski said wednesday .
a human rights group urged wednesday that bosnian serb leaders radovan karadzic and ratko mladic , indicted for war crimes by an international tribunal , be taken into custody before us troops are deployed in bosnia .
three people were killed because they were suspected of wanting to kidnap the son of a mafia godfather , judicial officials said wednesday .
the trial of ian and kevin maxwell , the two sons of the press baron robert maxwell , before a london jury will end at the start of january after it was interrupted wednesday .
south africa 's debt-ridden , state-owned <unk> company , which extracts offshore gas and transforms it into petroleum products , is for sale , mineral and energy affairs minister pik botha said here wednesday .
bordeaux reached the quarter-finals of the uefa cup at the expense of betis , who won #-# here on wednesday , after an extraordinary opening goal .
rwanda is expelling ## non-governmental organizations because they have `` failed in their mission , '' the rwandan rehabilitation ministry announced wednesday .
russia hit out wednesday at accusations that it is taking too long to bring its industry into line with a major international treaty on protecting the earth 's ozone layer , saying it needed more time to conform to the convention .
the rand stayed firm against the dollar in early trade here wenesday , opening at #,#### \/ ## to the greenback against a close of #.#### \/ ## on tuesday .
president bill clinton will consider extending the deployment of us troops in bosnia beyond one year , former national security advisor zbigniew brzezinski said wednesday .
at least seven people died and around ## were hurt when a double - decker bus plunged into an austrian lake on wednesday after colliding head-on with a car , police said .
the dollar remained firm against other major currencies here wednesday in a moderately active market , boosted by the weakened german mark .
a un resolution condemning nigeria 's execution of nine activists last month and requesting a report on human rights in that country is to be taken up next week , diplomats here said wednesday .
the white house on wednesday welcomed france 's announcement that it plans to play a more active role in nato 's military structure .
israeli archaeologists cast doubt on wednesday on claims that the last path walked by jesus christ had been discovered in east jerusalem .
uncapped <unk> paul grayson and matt dawson were handed the chance of establishing a new axis in the england team announced on wednesday for the test match against western samoa on december ## .
members of the un security council , as well as the rwandan government , all agree on the need to keep un peacekeepers in rwanda temporarily , acting council chairman sergey lavrov of russia said wednesday .
kenyan president daniel arap moi began a three-day visit to germany wednesday by seeking to assure german business representatives of the opportunities for them in the east african country .
a key customs union between turkey and the european union was practically assured of clearing its final hurdle wednesday after the two biggest political groupings in the european parliament said they would vote in favor .
up to ##,### adoring everton fans are set to welcome back striker duncan ferguson in a reserve team match after his ##-match ban was suspended by a judge on wednesday .
france <unk> out of a vote by deputies of the western european union -lrb- weu -rrb- here on wednesday that would have called on it to suspend its nuclear tests in the south pacific .
the fbi said wednesday five small diamonds were still missing after the recovery of the duchess of york 's stolen jewels which came after the arrest of a young airport baggage handler .
president bill clinton has decided to give in to some key demands by the republican majority in the lengthy budget battle in order to clear his desk for other business , the white house said wednesday .
cyprus would support the deployment of a multinational force including greek and turkish troops on the island if a solution to its ##-year division is found , an official said wednesday .
a team of us envoys will head to the balkans thursday to prepare for the implementation of the peace accord initialled last month in ohio , key negotiator richard holbrooke said wednesday .
the united states is to provide technical assistance to the southern africa development community -lrb- sadc -rrb- to boost regional trade and investment strategies under the terms of a draft agreement signed wednesday by us vice president al gore .
ten people died and ## were hurt , one seriously when a german double - decker bus plunged into an austrian lake on wednesday after colliding head-on with a car , the austrian red cross said .
president bill clinton vowed wednesday to increase efforts to find a cure for the deadly aids disease and protect research funds from falling under the budget axe .
former italian premier silvio berlusconi dismissed wednesday proposals by italy 's centre-left alliance that the country should wait until the middle of next year before electing a new government .
representatives from china , north and south korea , mongolia and russia signed long-awaited agreements here wednesday aimed at breathing new life into plans for a northeast asian economic zone .
democrat ron <unk> and republican gordon smith won primaries in oregon for state senator tuesday , the first ever undertaken by correspondence vote .
london and dublin will seek to capitalize on the latest breakthrough in the northern ireland peace process , with ministerial and prime ministerial talks scheduled to take place within the next ## days , irish prime minister john bruton said wednesday .
the dutch bank internationale nederlanden groep -lrb- ing -rrb- opened its first branch in the middle east here on wednesday .
president bill clinton vetoed the republican budget plan for next year , charging that its social spending cuts and tax breaks for the rich run counter to american values and commitments .
un high commissioner for refugees sadako ogata left belgrade wednesday after a three-pronged visit to former yugoslavia designed to pave the way for the gradual repatriation of millions of displaced people of conflict in the region .
president bill clinton vetoed the #### republican budget plan wednesday , charging that its cuts in healthcare for the poor and elderly coupled with a tax hike undermine american values .
foreign minister don mckinnon welcomed news thursday that france will complete its nuclear testing program in february next year rather than may .
a russian passenger plane carrying ## people disappeared from radar screens in the far east of the country on wednesday , interfax news agency said , quoting the ministry for emergency situations .
two goalmouth clearances by panathinaikos skipper yannis <unk> against nantes here on wednesday kept the score level at #-# and earned them top spot in their champions league group .
ten-man glasgow rangers recovered from losing england international paul gascoigne to come away from borussia dortmund with a #-# draw in their final european champions league match here on wednesday .
a key customs union between turkey and the european union was practically assured of clearing its final hurdle wednesday after the two biggest political groupings in the european parliament said they would vote in favor .
nantes , legia warsaw , and real madrid were the final three qualifiers for the european champions league quarter-finals following wednesday 's last group matches .
the us drug enforcement administration was the source of an investigation of swiss bank accounts held by raul salinas , the brother of ex-president carlos salinas , a swiss official said here wednesday .
prices of grains and soy products , except soy oil , rose wednesday in the chicago futures market .
nearly #,### people , including children younger than ## , have been discovered working as virtual slaves on five ranches in the amazon state of sao paulo , police said wednesday .
congressional leaders have agreed to back away from a plan to hold the computer industry responsible for transmission of pornography over the internet and other computer networks .
the european union has decided to look between the lines of an alliance between bertelsmann and deutsche telekom with america online to see if it conceals any threat to competition in the european on - line information industry , the commission said wednesday .
the dollar gained ground against major currencies wednesday as profit - taking hit the german mark .
low and dropping coffee prices are spurring colombian <unk> to look toward china , japan , south korea and europe to find new markets for their beans , officials said wednesday .
a russian passenger plane carrying ## people disappeared from radar screens in the far east of the country overnight wednesday , and rescue workers later located a fire close to where it vanished , officials said .
share prices on the mexico city stock exchange closed up ##.## points -lrb- #.## percent -rrb- wednesday at #,###.## points .
pop star michael jackson was hospitalized late wednesday after falling ill while rehearsing for a television performance , an emergency medical services spokesman said .
canada will deploy #,### troops in bosnia as part of the nato force implementing the bosnia peace agreement , canadian defense minister david collenette said wednesday .
blue-chip stocks rallied at the end of a see-saw session wednesday during which the dow jones industrials topped the #,###-point barrier , slumped and then ended within a fraction of the #,### mark .
the conference board said wednesday it may work with the government to compile a variety of reports on the us economy in addition to the leading economic indicators .
an unmanned ariane rocket blasted off late wednesday , carrying aloft a french telecom and an indian insat satellite .
world bank president james wolfensohn set out wednesday to overhaul the top ranks of the international institution , appointing two new managing directors and setting up a new executive committee .
an unmanned ariane rocket blasted off late wednesday and launched two satellites , one from french telecom and the second from indian insat .
the portuguese government condemned thursday the indonesian invasion of east timor ## years ago , saying jakarta 's continued occupation of the former portuguese territory was `` a constant challenge to the basic values and principles regulating relations between nations and peoples .
the academy of motion picture arts and sciences transformed its lobby into a grand parisian cafe wednesday to celebrate the ###th anniversary of the first film played before a paying audience .
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here in early morning trading thursday , compared with ###.## yen in new york late wednesday and ###.## yen here wednesday afternoon .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points or #.# percent to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
share prices opened higher on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points or #.# percent to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
former russian parliament speaker ruslan khasbulatov said wednesday that electoral fraud is taking place in chechnya in advance of december ## elections in which he is standing , moscow 's commercial ntv television station reported .
doctors and teachers here are baffled by the case of a ##-year-old girl who mysteriously started reading and writing backwards -- and then returned to normal after banging her head .
pop star michael jackson was hospitalized late wednesday after collapsing while rehearsing for a television performance , an emergency medical services spokesman said .
a special counsel will be hired to investigate allegations against house speaker newt gingrich , the chairwoman of the house ethics committee said wednesday .
helicopters and other aircraft searched in darkness and mist early thursday for a russian airliner carrying ## people that disappeared from radar screens in the far east of the country .
australia 's unemployment rate eased to a seasonally adjusted #.# percent in november from #.# percent in october , the bureau of statistics announced thursday .
gold opened higher here thursday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against the previous day 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .
a group of ## east timorese protestors thursday broke into the dutch embassy compound and ## scaled the fence of the russian embassy here on the ##th anniversary of indonesia 's invasion of east timor .
japanese share prices were higher on the tokyo stock exchange on thursday morning on active foreign investor buying , which more than offset selling pressure from domestic institutional investors , brokers said .
international trade and industry minister ryutaro hashimoto , widely expected to become japan 's next prime minister , may meet us president bill clinton next month , a newspaper reported thursday .
south korean president kim young-sam will carry out a sweeping cabinet reshuffle around december ## or ## , yonhap news agency said thursday .
a group of ## east timorese protestors thursday broke into the dutch embassy compound and ## scaled the fence of the russian embassy here on the ##th anniversary of indonesia 's invasion of east timor .
pop star michael jackson was hospitalized late wednesday after collapsing while rehearsing for a television performance , an emergency medical services spokesman said .
a fatwa or death sentence imposed on the satanic verses author salman rushdie is still valid , the iranian embassy said in a statement here thursday .
korean airlines admitted wednesday illegally contributing #,### dollars to the #### campaign of the first korean-american elected to congress , according to a federal indictment .
samsung electronics co. -lrb- sec -rrb- of south korea is on the verge of sealing an unprecedented range of contracts , worth around ## billion dollars , to provide us computer makers with memory chips over the next five years , a sec spokesman said thursday .
china has for the first time unveiled some of the criteria it will use for choosing the man or woman who will head hong kong 's post-#### government , the hong kong press reported thursday .
european consortium airbus industrie has offered malaysia 's national carrier a partnership deal to manufacture aircraft parts in malaysia , news reports said thursday .
japanese prime minister tomiichi murayama will file an unprecedented lawsuit thursday , seeking a court order requiring okinawan governor masahide ota to force reluctant land owners to renew leases with the us forces , a justice ministry spokesman said .
indonesian telecommunication firm pt satelindo has canceled its plan to raise money through a bond issue and plans instead to borrow up to ### million dollars from the us export-import bank -lrb- eximbank -rrb- , a press report said here thursday .
south korea 's entire armed forces were put on a special five-month alert thursday against a possible attack by north korea , which has been troubled by economic woes , the defense ministry said .
a group of ## supporters of east timorese independence thursday broke into the dutch embassy compound and ## scaled the fence of the russian embassy on the ##th anniversary of indonesia 's invasion of east timor .
sri lanka 's tamil tigers admitted thursday they lost ## rebels in a suicide attack on police that sought to avenge the loss of their bastion in the northern jaffna peninsula .
films from ## countries have been submitted for consideration as the best foreign language film for the ##th annual academy awards .
china is to launch a major breeding program to boost numbers of its most famous native animal , the endangered giant panda , a report said thursday .
organizers of the #### nagano winter olympics came under pressure on thursday to seek reprieve from a japanese law that bars those under age ## from shooting firearms in sporting competition .
more than a hundred demonstrators stormed into the compounds of the dutch and russian embassies here thursday in a dramatic protest marking the ##th anniversary of indonesia 's invasion of east timor .
prosecutors investigating a #### military coup on thursday questioned an <unk> law commander as former south korean leader chun doo - hwan entered the fifth day of a hunger strike in prison .
former south korean military leaders were questioned thursday on alleged corruption in massive arms procurement projects , including one to buy us f-## jet fighters .
malayan united industries -lrb- mui -rrb- has bought a ##-percent stake in a california-based multi-media entertainment company to strengthen its media presence worldwide , company officials said thursday .
japan 's tokai bank ltd. plans to absorb osaka credit cooperative around the middle of next year , jiji press reported thursday .
japanese prime minister tomiichi murayama filed an unprecedented lawsuit thursday seeking a court order requiring okinawan governor masahide ota to force reluctant land owners to renew leases with us forces .
chinese executives worldwide are to be hooked up to the internet via a <unk> computer network that will help them exploit trade opportunities , officials said thursday .
australian mining giant cra ltd. has given the go-ahead for what will be the world 's largest zinc mine -- the #.## billion australian dollar -lrb- ### million us -rrb- century zinc project .
indonesia is projected to continue churning out #.# million barrels of oil per day until #### , mines and energy minister ida bagus sujana was thursday quoted by the bisnis indonesia daily as saying .
ice hockey matches might be played in early afternoon at the #### nagano winter olympics so that north american fans can watch their professional stars in prime time .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher thursday on renewed buying across a broad front by investors confident that the market has further to run near term , brokers said .
the dollar was steady against the yen and the mark here thursday , with an absence of active participants limiting movements in either direction , dealers said .
sri lanka 's influential buddhist clergy have welcomed the army 's capture of the former tamil rebel citadel of jaffna after a ##-day battle that left #,### dead on both sides .
india has complained to the united states about the `` undiplomatic language '' used by a state department official responding to an indian minister 's charges of us interference in kashmir .
china has a potential life insurance market of ## million people based on current income levels , officials of australian insurer national mutual said here thursday .
shares in malaysian gaming giant genting bhd. resumed trading thursday after being suspended for ## trading days while the company recalled its share certificates to weed out forgeries .
vietnam 's trade deficit has climbed to nearly two billion dollars for the first ## months of the year , according to official figures from the ministry of trade published tuesday .
four people were killed and four injured overnight in a crash involving two russian military helicopters in the northern caucasus , itar-tass news agency said .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent higher thursday on renewed buying across a broad front by investors confident that the market has further to run near term , brokers said .
canadian television company canwest , which controls the network ten ltd. television business , has threatened to pull out of australia if the government makes ownership too difficult .
the indian parliament was adjourned within five minutes of sitting on thursday as opposition lawmakers angrily demanded the resignation of communications minister sukh ram for alleged corruption .
hong kong share prices closed #.# percent lower in profit-taking thursday , dealers said .
james reston , former editor of the new york times and winner of two pulitzer prizes died wednesday after a long battle with cancer in his washington home , cnn said quoting reston 's son , thomas .
the rand was slightly weaker against the dollar in early trading here thursday , opening at #,#### \/ #### to the greenback against a close of #.#### \/ ## on wednesday .
hong kong share prices closed #.# percent lower thursday as investors locked away profits from recent gains .
little known golfers robert stephens of australia and doug <unk> of the united states climbed out of the pack to claim a share of the three-way lead after the first day of the new zealand open here thursday .
european consortium airbus industrie has offered malaysia 's national carrier a partnership deal to manufacture aircraft parts in malaysia , news reports said thursday .
five people were injured when an aircraft on an internal flight made an emergency landing after one of its engines failed , the emergency situations ministry said thursday .
a pro-democracy umbrella group known as the people 's democratic union -lrb- prd -rrb- claimed thursday it organised the storming of two embassies here by over ### east timor independence activists , a spokeswoman said .
australia and new zealand , the most vociferous critics of french nuclear testing in the south pacific , reacted <unk> thursday to france 's decision to complete its tests ahead of schedule .
south korea 's entire armed forces were put on a five-month alert thursday against a possible attack by north korea , which has been troubled by economic woes , the defense ministry said .
african states are against isolating nigeria to force it to restore democratic rule and improve its human right record , organization of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- secretary-general salim ahmad salim has said here .
a fire ripped through a shopping mall in central tehran on thursday , killing one person and causing extensive damage , the official irna news agency reported .
china reacted angrily thursday to continued requests for information about the whereabouts of the six-year-old tibetan chosen as a rival to the boy approved by beijing as tibet 's second ranking spirtual leader , the panchen lama .
a preliminary hearing to decide whether former nazi ss officer erich priebke should be tried for war crimes , opened in a military court in rome thursday .
foreign ministers from the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- began meeting here thursday to debate the role of the pan-european organization in the bosnian peace process .
close scores from the opening day in the four-day cricket match between new south wales and west indies here thursday .
china 's industrial output grew ##.# percent in the year to october but funding shortages , debt and poor efficiency continued to plague the sector , xinhua said thursday .
new south wales left-arm spinner david freedman captured career best figures of #-## to humble west indies on the first day of their tour match here thursday .
robert gallo , who co-discovered the aids-causing hiv virus , has reported identifying several substances made by the human immune - system that appear to slow the growth of the hiv virus .
the french franc slipped to #.#### to the mark early on thursday from #.#### late on wednesday as trades unions intensified strikes which are paralysing the economy .
japan 's tokai bank ltd. is to rescue troubled osaka credit cooperative through a merger around the middle of next year , japanese authorities said thursday .
the first german soldiers to take part in the nato-led bosnia operation left the north german town of <unk> for sarajevo on thursday morning .
the search for a missing russian airliner with ## people aboard in russia 's far east has been suspended until friday morning because of nightfall and bad weather , rescue officials said thursday .
shots were heard thursday morning in the mountains surrounding the burundi capital bujumbura , which was otherwise quiet after a day of fierce clashes between mainly tutsi soldiers and armed hutu bands , which left around ## dead , according to reliable sources here .
israeli prime minister shimon peres arrived in cairo on thursday for talks with egyptian president hosni mubarak in his first visit since succeeding yitzhak rabin .
west indian manager wes hall denied on thursday that team management was to blame for brian lara 's australian cricket tour withdrawal .
the strength of the mark , other costs and general uncertainty brought growth of the german economy to a halt in the third quarter of the year , officials here said on thursday .
a major university in eastern china has decided to reject applicants who smoke , in a drastic attempt to discourage smoking among young people , the beijing youth daily reported thursday .
foreign ministers from the organisation for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- began meeting here thursday and were expected to debate the pan-european body 's role in the bosnian peace process .
french share prices fell by #.## percent to #,###.## points on the cac ## index in early trading on thursday .
palestinians in the west bank and gaza strip will beginning this week be able to travel aboard for the first time using their palestinian passports , officials said thursday .
about ##,### vehicles stolen in israel over the last ## months have been found in the west bank and autonomous gaza strip , police chief assaf hefetz said thursday .
three egyptians have been condemned to hang for murdering their kuwaiti employer and dumping his body down a sewage manhole , according to the judgement published thursday .
a preliminary hearing to decide whether former nazi ss officer erich priebke should be tried for war crimes , opened before a military court in rome thursday .
the ruble fell by ## points to #,### to the dollar here on thursday .
some ### irate miners seized a town council official and took him down a <unk> thursday , demanding negotiations , as part of nationwide labor unrest , union sources said .
about ## percent of south koreans worry the politicial turmoil created by the arrest of two former presidents may lead to another coup , according to a poll published thursday , although a vast majority thought a coup highly unlikely .
a heart patient was left to die in a private hospital in tehran after he was unable to come up with enough cash to pay for his treatment , a newspaper reported thursday .
linda mccartney , the vegetarian wife of <unk> singer paul mccartney paid #,### pounds -lrb- #,### dollars -rrb- for a prize turkey at an auction to save the bird from becoming someone 's christmas dinner .
richard fromberg is determined he will finally play a major event before his home crowd when australia take on chinese-taipei in hobart next february , hoping to start a davis cup recovery .
french prime minister alain juppe decided thursday not to attend the franco-german summit in baden-baden as planned , amid the continuing strike crisis gripping france , officials said .
japanese share prices soared #.# percent thursday on renewed buying by investors confident that the market has further to run near term but profit takers depressed several other asian bourses .
austria 's alexandra meissnitzer won the second women 's super g world cup race of the season here on thursday ahead of switzerland 's heidi zeller-baehler and <unk> <unk> of slovenia .
malaysian helicopter services bhd. -lrb- mhs -rrb- and its associate companies thursday signed a range of aviation agreements aimed at boosting the country 's fledgling aerospace industry .
shares here fell slightly early thursday , as overnight gains on wall street failed to inspire trades , but the london market was <unk> up by strong gains in gus , britain 's leading mail order firm .
after over three years of war , the traffic lights of tuzla -- the bosnian industrial town that will be the base for thousands incoming us gis -- have stopped working and just two people are to blame .
singapore president ong teng cheong has completed a five-week radiotherapy treatment following the recurrence of a form of cancer he suffered from three years ago , the government said thursday .
french teachers joined the nationwide strike against welfare reform proposals in large numbers on thursday , official figures from the paris region indicated .
england , having won the toss and elected to bat on a seemingly docile wicket , were rocked back to ## for # at lunch on the first day of the four-day tour game against boland here thursday .
scoreboard at lunch on the first day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here thursday .
three palestinian protesters were injured thursday when israeli troops broke up a demonstration against the confiscation of west bank land to build roads for jewish settlers , palestinian sources said .
west indies were given a blunt warning thursday that there is an army of shane <unk> in australia just waiting to put their fortunes in a tailspin .
sterling slipped thursday morning in europe , while the mark strengthened against the french franc , ahead of a meeting at the french central bank and a summit meeting between jacques chirac and helmut kohl .
pakistan 's world cup winning hockey team will visit india later this month in the first major sporting contact between the bitter rivals on each other 's soil in six years .
malaysia airports bhd. , which manages malaysia 's international and domestic airports , thursday signed a joint-venture deal with a french company to run cambodia 's phnom penh airport , a news report said .
more than ### demonstrators stormed the compounds of two embassies here thursday to mark the ##th anniversary of jakarta 's invasion of east timor , in one of the most spectacular protests staged by indonesian pro-democracy groups .
the indian government has tightened security for the dalai lama after claiming it had uncovered a plot against the exiled tibetan spiritual leader , newspapers reported thursday .
beijing authorities on thursday claimed some success in curbing corruption since major scandals rocked the chinese capital , after tightening supervision and punishing numerous wayward cadres .
moderate parties thursday pressed president chandrika kumaratunga to pursue an autonomy plan to end sri lanka 's civil war after the army victory over the tamil tigers in jaffna .
the sudanese army on thursday claimed that fighting against rebels in the south of the country was confined to a border zone and denied that the guerrillas were fighting around the towns of torit and <unk> .
israeli prime minister shimon peres vowed here thursday to negotiate peace with syria right up until the eve of his country 's elections in october #### .
german chancellor helmut kohl stood by the plan for a single european currency thursday despite growing public reluctance to surrender the mark , and he urged other countries to do more to qualify for the launch in #### .
a us disc jockey in kuwait was sentenced to three and a half years in prison with hard labor and fined ### dollars for assaulting a kuwaiti in a dispute over money , a newspaper said thursday .
people calling for strike action in swaziland face five years in jail , under new legislation voted through the parliament of the tiny southern african kingdom on thursday .
the hole in the ozone layer over the antarctic grew at a record rate in #### , reaching ## million square kilometres -lrb- eight million square miles -rrb- , or twice the size of europe , by early october , the world <unk> organisation -lrb- wmo -rrb- said thursay .
the lebanese government has approved plans to build a toll highway linking lebanon to syria and other arab countries as part of its post - war reconstruction drive , newspapers said thursday .
a grenade blast on a train in angola killed two passengers and wounded an unspecified number of others , the official angop news reported thursday , monitored here .
israel 's prime minister shimon peres on thursday bristled at egyptian criticism of a new israeli-russian military cooperation agreement , saying his country 's policy was not made in cairo .
seven prisoners convicted of murder have been condemned to death in malawi since the new government of president bakili muluzi swept to power in may last year , a prisons official said thursday .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross said on thursday he was encouraged by the swift implementation of the israeli-palestinian peace agreement after talks with plo leader yasser arafat .
german chancellor helmut kohl stood by the plan for a single european currency on thursday despite growing public reluctance to surrender the mark , and urged other countries to do more to qualify for the launch in #### .
taiwan is preparing to take delivery of the first of six lafayette class frigates it ordered from france in #### , the central news agency -lrb- cna -rrb- reported thursday .
france warned the bosnian serbs , and by implication , their political sponsors in belgrade , with `` widespread consequences '' thursday if two french airmen missing since august ## were not `` immediately '' freed .
egyptian president hosni mubarak denied thursday he had received any request from the united states to investigate claims of vote fraud during legislative elections .
thirteen people were killed including two un guards when a bomb exploded under a tanker truck at a petrol station in kurdish-held northern iraq on thursday , the iraqi opposition said .
the condition of greek prime minister andreas papandreou was unchanged thursday hours after doctors performed a tracheotomy on the ##-year - old leader , a medical bulletin said .
strikers briefly blocked access to paris airport terminals on thursday as police fired teargas shells to keep them off runways .
disturbances broke out at the russian and dutch embassies in jakarta on thursday night as they were surrounded by opponents of the east timor activists who entered the missions .
the united states is to head the osce 's peace mission in bosnia , the european union 's `` foreign minister '' said here thursday .
the big and unwieldy pan-european security body , the osce , began a two-day meeting thursday to lay the groundwork for its biggest test yet , helping to bring <unk> into war-shattered bosnia .
a nato plane carrying two german army officers arrived here thursday , the first of a total of ### german officers to set up the headquarters of the nato-led peace implementation force .
international football federation -lrb- fifa -rrb- president joao havelange says nigeria may be awarded the world under-## championships in #### next monday in spite of a european union call for a sports boycott of the west african country .
the banque de france on thursday dropped its intervention rate by #.# points to #.## percent in response to france 's deepening social crisis , prompting the paris bourse to surge .
france threatened the bosnian serbs and their political sponsors in belgrade with `` widespread repercussions '' thursday if two french airmen missing since august ## were not freed immediately .
scoreboard at tea on the first day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here thursday .
turin prosecutors on thursday called for two top officials in the fiat group to be tried on corruption charges .
fulham and gillingham were both charged by the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- with misconduct on thursday following a match described by the referee as `` the most disgraceful exhibition by professional footballers i have ever seen .
somerset are lining up young australian all-rounder shane lee as a successor to pakistan 's mushtaq ahmed as their overseas player next season , the english county 's chief executive said thursday .
a last-minute reprieve thursday saved a ##-year-old man from deportation to nigeria , where he claims his life would be in danger .
three palestinian protesters were injured thursday when israeli troops broke up a demonstration against the confiscation of west bank land to build roads for jewish settlers , palestinian sources said .
some ### irate miners seized a conservative deputy and took him down a <unk> thursday , demanding negotiations , as part of nationwide labor unrest .
austria 's alexandra meissnitzer created a major shock when she won the second women 's super g world cup race of the season here on thursday .
there was little cheer for england in the first day of their four-day tour game against boland here thursday .
israel turned over the control of military administration offices in the nablus area of the west bank to the palestinian authority on thursday , palestinian officials said .
greece on thursday named diplomat alexander <unk> head of its liaison office in the macedonian capital skopje , a spokesman for the foreign ministry announced .
thirteen people were killed including two un guards when an explosion turned a petrol station into an inferno in kurdish-held northern iraq on thursday , the iraqi opposition said .
initial jobless claims for regular state unemployment benefits rose ##,### to a seasonally adjusted ###,### for the week ending <unk> # from ###,### the previous week , the labor department said .
the chief executive of the organisation of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- has pressured nigerian junta leader general sani abacha to restore civilian rule and dismissed isolating the regime , press reports said thursday .
the radical popular front for the liberation of palestine -lrb- <unk> -rrb- announced here thursday that it would boycott palestinian self-rule elections due on january ## .
the gold market has gone wild the last few days , nudging close to record highs in the wake of soaring lease prices for the precious metal .
iraqi president saddam hussein on thursday fired his finance minister and replaced him with hikmat <unk> ibrahim , formerly the central bank governor and commerce minister .
portuguese president mario soares branded indonesia a `` dictatorship '' thursday , after east timorese demonstrators stormed into foreign embassy compounds in jakarta .
lebanon has signed a deal with the british investment bank sbc warburg to set up a ### million dollar fund to finance private sector participation in post-war reconstruction projects , officials said on thursday .
iraq on thursday blamed the united states for a tough stand taken at a summit of gulf arab leaders who accused baghdad of exploiting the suffering of its people to try to win an end to sanctions .
the new york times has refused to run a full-page advertisement by a right-wing japanese political party denying the nanjing massacre , a japanese advertising agency told kyodo news service thursday .
the sri lankan government thursday announced a major campaign to rebuild the northern town of jaffna , captured from tamil tiger guerrillas after nearly ## days of heavy fighting .
first division leicester said they were stunned by the walk-out of manager mark mcghee on thursday amid rumors he is to switch to rivals wolves .
chancellor helmut kohl stood by german commitment to a single european currency on thursday despite growing public reluctance to surrender the mark , but promised to press for a corset of tough budget controls after the launch .
an indian telecommunications satellite blasted into space by an ariane rocket has reached the desired orbit , india 's space research organization -lrb- isro -rrb- said thursday .
commonwealth health ministers from some ## countries thursday recommended male sterilisation as a method of birth control -- but rejected stringent anti-tobacco measures .
europe 's ryder cup team , victorious earlier this year in america for only the second time in history , were the clear winners of the prestigious golf writers ' trophy for #### on thursday .
princess diana , pursuing her self-described `` queen of hearts '' role , thursday made a moving speech to a charity group in support of young homeless people `` whose lives have been blighted by their experiences .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross arrived in cairo on thursday for talks with president hosni mubarak in the last stop in a shuttle to push the israeli-syrian peace process .
the united nation 's top human rights official said thursday that indonesia must improve its record at the end of an official five-day visit during which he spent two days in east timor .
the sale of ## percent of oil and gas group eni has raised #,### billion lire -lrb- four billion dollars -rrb- , which the state will put towards reduction of the public deficit , eni announced on thursday .
nigeria on thursday presented a consignment of communication equipment to the african peacekeeping force , ecomog , to enhance its troop deployment throughout liberia .
the russian constitutional court thursday failed to end a dispute between the upper and lower houses of parliament , rejecting a plea which challenged a new law requiring members of the upper house to hold elected posts .
a retired american career diplomat is to head the osce 's peace mission in bosnia , the european union said here thursday .
bulgarian president zhelio zhelev arrived here for a one-day visit thursday for talks on relations between his country and albania and the peace process in the former yugoslavia .
the disappearance of a tupolev ### with ## people on board in the russian far east early thursday is the most serious incident of its kind in the former soviet union since ### people died in an air crash in siberia in january #### .
a judge on thursday said it would ask the constitutional court to allow families of victims a #### massacre to attend the expected trial here of former nazi ss officer erich priebke in connection with the <unk> .
two german officers , the first to serve in bosnia since nazi forces in the former yugoslavia were defeated by tito 's partisans , arrived in sarajevo on thursday .
republican house speaker newt gingrich , the man who branded the democrats corrupt and led the movement that swept them from congressional power , is under investigation for tax fraud .
pakistan has offered to contribute a troop brigade to nato for its peace mission in bosnia , a foreign office spokesman said here thursday .
pakistan , confirming expulsion orders on a french aid group , thursday urged all <unk> non governmental organizations -lrb- ngos -rrb- to shift their offices inside afghanistan .
russia on thursday denounced the invasion of its jakarta embassy by a group of east timorese militants protesting on the ##th anniversary of indonesia invading the former portuguese colony .
russia and chechnya will sign an accord friday confirming chechnya 's status as part of the russian federation and clarifying their bilateral relations , russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin told reporters here thursday , interfax news agency reported .
israel has reconnected international telephone lines to the gaza strip after a week 's suspension because of differences with the palestinians over a #.# million dollar bill , an official said thursday .
the swedish government on thursday turned down an appeal for pardon on health grounds from stig bergling , a double agent serving a life sentence for selling state secrets to moscow at the height of the cold war .
a french parliamentary delegation on a mission to gain the release of two missing french pilots vented its frustration thursday , demanding that `` the wall of silence '' surrounding their fate be broken .
the future of paul gascoigne was again shrouded in uncertainty on thursday as the maverick england star contemplates a league suspension , a european ban next season and another inquest into his worth to rangers .
the royal dutch airline , klm , has acquired ## percent of kenya airways -lrb- ka -rrb- shares , ending speculation here that ka would be purchased by either british airways or south african airline , ka managing director brian davies confirmed on thursday .
the judge leading the probe into the #### carbombing of a jewish association building here that killed ## people was to ask for the right to investigate a right-wing congressman in the case .
iraqi president saddam hussein on thursday replaced his finance minister with hikmat <unk> ibrahim who has headed the central bank , commerce ministry and auditing department .
canada 's biggest municipal authority , metropolitan toronto , has refused to award a #.# million dollar -lrb- ###,### us -rrb- contract to shell canada because of its parent company 's continued investments in nigeria .
the cabinet has approved a bill to allow foreign newspapers to publish in beirut amid reports that international publications are seeking a regional base , the head of the journalists ' union said thursday .
president bill clinton was set thursday to unveil his third budget plan for #### which the administration hopes will break the deadlock with the republican majority and balance the country 's books by #### .
bundesbank president hans tietmeyer pointed on thursday to the `` extraordinary importance '' of the stability pact proposed by german finance minister theo waigel to countries taking part in the european union 's planned single currency later in the century .
the west indies cricket board of control -lrb- <unk> -rrb- are delaying naming their world cup squad in the hopes of convincing brian lara to play .
the government has offered to hold `` comprehensive talks '' in the spring with railway unions on a key issue behind nationwide strikes , officials said thursday .
at least ## people were killed including two un guards when a huge bomb ripped through a petrol station in kurdish-held northern iraq on thursday , un officials said .
russia and chechnya will sign an accord friday confirming chechnya 's status as part of the russian federation and clarifying their bilateral relations , russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin told reporters here thursday , interfax news agency reported .
european commission president jacques santer denied on thursday that strikes gripping france are in protest at the maastricht treaty , saying the treaty acts to protect workers .
factory orders for manufactured goods fell #.# percent in october , the commerce department said thursday .
world open finalist del harris and temperamental australian anthony hill were two seeded fallers in the first round of the mahindra international squash challenge here on thursday .
swiss-swedish engineering group abb has won an order worth ### million dollars to build a combined heating and power plant near the city of frankfurt an der oder in eastern germany , abb said thursday .
laszlo kovacs , president of the pan-european security body osce , hit out thursday at the situation facing non serbs in several serbian regions notably in kosovo .
jordanian authorities have seized russian missile parts destined for iraq in violation of the five-year-old un embargo , officials here said thursday .
the canadian government said thursday it had signed a mutual legal assistance treaty with hungary .
the dollar lost ground thursday against the other major currencies except sterling in calm trading with markets awaiting us unemployment data and the outcome of federal budget negotiations .
dutch defender frank de boer is suspended for the <unk> european championship play-off game at anfield in liverpool on december ## .
gunmen fired shots at a bus carrying israeli settlers through the palestinian town of ramallah on thursday , witnesses said .
the council of europe committee of ministers thursday adopted a resolution in favor of granting the united states observer status over the ##-member pan-european organization .
turkish president suleyman demirel arrived here thursday for a three - day visit focusing on how to establish closer ties between the two turkish-speaking nations .
scoreboard at the close of play on the first day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here thursday .
jordanian authorities have seized russian missile parts destined for iraq in violation of the five-year-old un embargo , officials here said thursday .
indonesian ambassador <unk> <unk> was `` invited '' thursday to the dutch foreign ministry for `` talks '' about security after the dutch embassy in jakarta was stormed by two groups of activists .
a man was holding an unknown number of people hostage in a munich savings bank on thursday , police said .
fatigued opposition members of the ontario legislature vowed thursday to continue a protest which has brought the assembly to a complete halt .
hundreds of thousands of strikers demonstrated across france on thursday against the conservative government 's plans to reform the welfare system , with record turnouts in many provincial cities .
the big and unwieldy pan-european security body , the osce , began a two-day meeting thursday to lay the groundwork for its biggest test yet -- helping war-shattered bosnia replace bullets with <unk> .
three palestinians were injured and three others arrested in clashes with israeli troops on the west bank on thursday as gunmen fired at a bus carrying jewish settlers .
the rail strike in france is forcing businesses in neighboring countries to seek alternative shipping routes for vital supplies and deliveries , with incalculable economic consequences for western europe .
rebel bosnian serbs took to the streets in a serb-held suburb of sarajevo thursday to protest against the dayton peace plan under which certain areas of the city will return to government control .
the family of gilbert <unk> , the man charged with stealing the duchess of york 's jewelry , said thursday that the goods appeared fake and that they knew nothing about the british royal family member .
a gunman holding five people hostage at a bank here thursday has asked for four million german marks -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- and the use of a plane , police said .
south africa 's gold and foreign currency reserves rose sharply by ##.# percent in november over october , according to official figures released thursday .
about ## percent of kuwaitis who owe money to the state have met a deadline for the first instalment of repaying their debts , banking officials said thursday .
latvia 's parliament refused to approve thursday a new coalition government put forward by a centre-left candidate , deepening the political crisis in the baltic republic .
a congressional delegation of about ## republicans and democrats will accompany us negotiator richard holbrooke during his upcoming trip to the balkans , us embassy spokesman douglas davidson said here thursday .
leading european stock markets experienced contrasting fates on thursday , as stock prices fell by #.# percent in london and #.## percent in frankfurt , but rose by #.## percent in paris and by #.## percent in milan .
germany 's boris becker qualified for the semi-finals of the six - million-dollar grand slam cup in his own back yard here on thursday .
prime minister john major told the house of commons thursday that he would not rule out britain joining a single european currency in the course of the next parliament , which could run until #### .
princess diana , britain 's self-styled `` queen of hearts , '' was severely criticized by tory mps thursday after she shared a stage with a senior labor opposition figure and gave a speech calling for more help for the homeless .
singer michael jackson will be spending at least two more days in intensive care following his hospitalization after suffering a drop in blood pressure , the pay television network home box office said thursday .
presidents of south america 's mercosur countries underscored their desire thursday to consolidate the fledgling free trade zone , as a landmark accord with the european union loomed .
witnesses spoke thursday of their ##-year-old memories of former nazi officer erich priebke , alleged to have played a major part in the slaughter of ### italians near rome .
republican house speaker newt gingrich , the man who branded the democrats as corrupt and led the movement that swept them from congressional power , is under investigation by his colleagues for tax fraud .
six years after the fall of the berlin wall , the authorities have finally cleared the last patch of mines on the former <unk> border , the defense ministry said thursday .
the judge leading the probe into the #### carbombing of a jewish association building here that killed ## people was to ask for the right to investigate a right-wing congressman in the case .
the un refugee agency thursday said it needed ## million dollars to fund an ambitious repatriation plan for ###,### refugees who fled a savage civil war in this west african state .
the ##th anniversary of indonesia 's invasion of east timor sparked violence here thursday , as more than ### protestors stormed the compounds of two embassies in one of the most spectacular protests yet by pro-democracy groups here .
us middle east coordinator dennis ross wrapped up a shuttle mission in the region here thursday saying he had seen encouraging signs for peace between israel and syria .
software giants microsoft corp. and oracle corp. said thursday they will collaborate on technology with the aim of producing `` richer and more active '' content on the internet .
south african education minister sibusiso bengu on thursday met officials of the country 's largest university in a bid to end a dispute between a group of mainly white academics and its black deputy vice chancellor .
france 's warning of `` widespread repercussions '' unless two french pilots are immediately released is `` unacceptable , '' yugoslav authorities said thursday .
urban cowboy andrew henderson , <unk> in his belt and a couple of beers in his belly , was practising quick draw for his drinking buddies when the gun snagged and shot him in the groin .
yemeni foreign minister abdel karim al-iryani traveled to eritrea on thursday in a bid to resolve a dispute over three red sea islands , officials here said .
bundesbank president hans tietmeyer said thursday that the dollar does not always reflect us economic potential , in a speech made in hamburg the text of which was released in frankfurt in advance .
a handful of demonstrators rallied in central stockholm thursday to protest against the ##th anniversary of indonesian occupation of the former portuguese colony of east timor , an afp reporter said .
the somali airport of ballidogle closed down its operations on thursday following a dispute over job opportunities between two groups of militiamen guarding the facility , reports reaching here said .
prime minister alain juppe tried to defuse france 's crisis on thursday but trade unions said they would continue crippling strikes on friday .
more than ## nations and international organizations will look at ways friday and saturday to create a `` climate of stability '' in bosnia - hercegovina during the embattled country 's first `` post-war '' year .
bosnian foreign minister muhamed sacirbey said thursday he believed the pan-european security body , the osce , was up to the task of organising elections in bosnia-hercegovina but only if the united states took an leading role .
a bank robber who took five hostages after his heist went wrong freed one of them thursday , but was sticking to his demand for four million german marks -lrb- #.# million dollars -rrb- , police said .
the south african government said thursday that it planned to sell off minority stakes in the state-owned telkom group , national carrier south african airways and the national airports operator .
the un human rights special envoy elisabeth rehn urged the international community thursday not to force bosnian refugees to return home too quickly .
china and russia signed an agreement on military cooperation thursday as one of the top commanders of the people 's liberation army continued a visit to moscow , interfax news agency reported .
russian literary giant and erstwhile dissident alexander solzhenitsyn said thursday he will not vote in the country 's upcoming elections , interfax news agency reported .
diego maradona 's request for probation for shooting at journalists with an air rifle was upheld by the appeal court here on thursday .
the treasury department said thursday it sold ##-week treasury bills for an average discount rate of #.## percent .
british prime minister john major said thursday he was `` profoundly dissatisfied '' with recent judgements handed out by the european court of human rights .
the government thursday announced a january ## deadline for visa requests from indians wishing to watch the next cricket world cup matches in pakistan .
the much-vaunted england top order batting faltered against determined and disciplined bowling from boland in the first day of the four-day tour game here thursday .
world number one pete sampras pulled out injured from the six-million - dollar grand slam cup here on thursday because of a `` serious inflammation of the thigh muscle .
more than ### republican and democratic members of the house of representatives sent a letter thursday to president bill clinton asking him to keep us ground troops out of bosnia .
us assistant secretary of state strobe talbott will attend a conference at the weekend in london on implementing the bosnia peace agreement , the state department said thursday .
raul salinas , the jailed brother of ex-president carlos salinas , told swiss authorities the millions of dollars in his swiss bank accounts were from legal dealings , the daily excelsior reported thursday .
a father was considering legal action on thursday against a school which has ordered his two young daughters to play rugby -- or find another school .
radioactive water leaked from a nuclear plant near nikolayev in southern ukraine , the power plant said thursday .
french international olivier merle learned on thursday he will be out for three weeks because of a fractured right index finger .
dozens of people were injured and more than ### others arrested on thursday as violent protests erupted across egypt after the results of legislative elections were announced .
the national basketball association and its referees association signed a five-year labor deal on thursday that will send the officials back to work next tuesday .
the new york yankees signed slugger tino martinez from the seattle mariners on thursday in a five-player deal .
a two-year investigation spanning ## us states ended in the arrests thursday of more than ### people involved in telemarketing scams that preyed on the elderly , attorney general janet reno said .
world number one pete sampras , who pulled out injured from the six - million-dollar grand slam cup here on thursday , was aiming to make a comeback at the australian open .
the canadian government confirmed thursday that a special meeting of the group of seven with russia will be held in ottawa next week to discuss combatting terrorism .
us envoy richard holbrooke will press the bosnian government to ensure the quick departure of mujahedeen fighters from bosnia during his upcoming talks in sarajevo , a us official said wednesday .
germany 's boris becker qualified for the semi-finals of the six - million-dollar grand slam cup in his own back yard here on thursday .
at least ## people were killed including two un guards when a huge bomb ripped through a petrol station in kurdish-held northern iraq on thursday , un officials said .
palestinian police arrested a human rights worker on thursday for publicly criticising the self-rule authority headed by plo leader yasser arafat .
newcomers philippe <unk> and herve <unk> , plus michel <unk> making a comeback , were among france 's shortlist of players for next year 's five nations championship .
an undersea earthquake measuring #.# points on the open-ended richter scale occurred off the island of crete late on thursday , but there were no reports of casualties or damage , seismologists said .
software giant microsoft corp. said thursday it would adopt the internet technical standard used by major rivals , apparently ending its own bid to become the dominant player in cyberspace software .
the united states called on the egyptian government wednesday to investigate allegations of electoral fraud in a vote that gave president hosni mubarak 's party the lion 's share of seats .
success in midweek european cup matches usually comes at a price and several clubs have to shake the fatigue out of their systems when they return to domestic competition at the weekend .
germany and france agreed thursday to develop a satellite system for observation purposes , their two governments said after a franco-german summit meeting .
the white house unveiled a new budget plan thursday , offering deeper cuts in spending in a bid to reach agreement with the republican majority on balancing the budget by #### .
the united states called on the egyptian government thursday to investigate allegations of electoral fraud in a vote that gave president hosni mubarak 's party the lion 's share of seats .
two men dressed as santa claus were arrested for vandalism after leaving a nightclub near here , police said thursday .
german police brought a delicate hostage crisis under control thursday evening , seizing a gunman who had been holding three people to ransom and freeing the hostages unhurt , german authorities said .
ac milan as expected qualified for the quarter-finals of the uefa cup on thursday , but lens , looking for their first european last eight spot ever , were upset by slavia prague .
new zealand captain lee germon won the toss and sent pakistan into bat on the first day of their one-off test match here friday .
ecuadoran authorities have been forced to ration electricity because of a drought that crippled a hydro-electric plant that provides ## percent of the nation 's power needs , officials said thursday .
the foreign ministers of yemen and eritrea held talks in asmara on thursday on their dispute over three red sea islands , the official yemeni news agency saba said .
police and demonstrators clashed thursday in paris and two other french cities as public-sector strikes which have crippled france 's railway system for a fortnight dragged on .
pop star michael jackson was in `` serious but stable '' condition thursday and will need several days of critical care and treatment , his doctors said .
the white house unveiled a new budget plan thursday , offering deeper cuts in spending in a bid to reach agreement with the republican majority in congress on balancing the budget by #### .
south africa 's state-owned arms manufacturing corporation denel said thursday that it had signed a deal with malaysia 's <unk> company to set up helicopter assembly plants in the south-east asian country .
iraqi foreign ministry mohamed said al-sahaf arrived in paris thursday for an overnight stopover , but a foreign ministry spokesman stressed that he was not due to meet any french officials .
lithuania 's parliament overwhelmingly approved thursday a motion calling on the government to seek the republic 's admission to the european union , the baltic news service reported .
pop star michael jackson was in `` serious but stable '' condition thursday and will need several days of critical care and treatment , his doctors said .
dec. # -lrb- afp -rrb- - as the trial continues in france of a ukrainian ship crew who threw african stowaways into the sea , a film on the drama is being shot in ghana .
sweden will demand that veto rights be maintained on foreign and security policy issues when the european union intergovernmental conference is held in #### , the government said thursday .
the dallas cowboys travel to philadelphia on sunday trying to clinch their division title and home-field advantage in the national football league playoffs despite a defense riddled by injuries .
a <unk> in internet shares pushed the broader market lower thursday , sending the dow jones industrials to their biggest one-day drop since late october .
the dollar was higher against the other major currencies except the yen in cautious trading thursday amid us budget negotiations and a much-awaited report on unemployment in the united states .
the search for the tupolev-### airliner missing since early thursday in russia 's far east has resumed , radio russia , monitored here by the bbc , reported .
the galileo space explorer began receiving data from a <unk> it launched thursday into jupiter 's atmosphere , nasa said .
the ruling conservatives ' popularity has picked up slightly following last week 's budget , according to an opinion poll published in friday 's times newspaper .
a russian ferry will be impounded when it arrives in sweden on friday morning because its owners have failed to pay out ###,### kronor -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- in salary to the crew , judicial officials here said .
a joint commission for missing persons set up between croatia and yugoslavia under the dayton agreement on bosnia met for the first time thursday in zagreb , the croatian news agency hina reported .
scorecard at lunch on the first day of the one-off cricket test between pakistan and new zealand here friday .
the dollar was trading at ###.##-## yen here early friday , down from ###.## yen thursday afternoon and from ###.## yen in new york late thursday .
share prices opened marginally higher on the tokyo stock exchange , with the nikkei stock average rising ##.## points , or #.# percent , to ##,###.## in the first ## minutes of trading .
pakistan openers aamir sohail and ramiz raja turned on a scintillating batting display in the opening session of the one-off cricket test against new zealand on the first day here friday .
prime minister john major said thursday that britain will oppose granting `` massive '' new powers to the european parliament and extending qualified majority voting at next year 's intergovernmental conference .
us military logistical teams preparing the way for ##,### troops headed to bosnia-hercegovina will have completed their deployment by the middle of next week , later than scheduled , officials said here thursday .
rwanda and the united nations were at odds thursday over plans to extend the un mandate in rwanda , with the central african nation seeking fewer peacekeeping troops , western diplomats said .
the international red cross movement called thursday for a permanent war crimes tribunal and urged that no one under ## be sent into combat .
the un security council voiced concern thursday over the looting and burning of homes in two bosnian towns by bosnian croat forces , calling such actions a threat to peace in the region .
east timorese resistance leader jose ramos horta friday held a ##-minute meeting with foreign minister don mckinnon , the highest level meeting between the two sides here yet .
the mexican stock market closed down slightly thursday but brazil , colombia and venezuela were bright spots .
nine <unk> properties belonging to the brother of former president carlos salinas have been seized , the official news agency notimex reported thursday .
a mauritanian court thursday handed down lenient sentences on ## members of groups sympathetic to baghdad 's ruling baath party charged with setting up an illegal organization .
share prices closed the morning session slightly lower on the tokyo stock exchange friday , after repeating narrow fluctuations following short-lived , futures-led selling , brokers said .
guatemala 's defense and interior ministries announced thursday that they had put #,### army troops and additional police in the streets of the capital to combat crime .
peruvian president alberto fujimori said thursday that a us woman accused of terrorism would go on trial as scheduled .
sri lanka won the toss and batted at the start of the first cricket test against australia at the waca ground here friday .
scorecard at tea on the first day of the one-off cricket test between pakistan and new zealand here friday .
more than a hundred supporters of a free east timor began their second day of protest at two foreign embassies here friday , after spending a quiet night in the mission compounds following a clash at nightfall .
brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso will arrive in malaysia on december ## for a three-day state visit at the invitation of malaysia 's king , tuanku jaafar abdul rahman , officials said friday .
china stressed friday the importance of good start for the national economy in #### , as economists warned that crucial restructuring was needed to reduce inefficiency and wastage .
britain 's right-wing tabloid press on friday warned princess diana not to toy with politics after the princess , pursuing her self-described `` queen of hearts '' role , gave a speech <unk> the tory government 's efforts to help the homeless .
portuguese president mario soares officially opened macau 's new #.# billion dollar international airport on friday , calling it a `` new cause for confidence in the future .
amnesty international launched an urgent appeal friday for ## people arrested outside the french embassy and another arrested outside the thai embassy in east timor protests here .
a general strike called to condemn alleged human rights abuses by the indian security forces paralysed the strife-torn kashmir valley on friday , witnesses said .
two young men who worked with an organization of street children have been shot and killed by men who identified themselves as police , witnesses said thursday .
the head of french car-maker psa peugeot citroen on friday urged china to emulate japan in protecting its car market `` for a certain period '' before exposing the sector to the full force of international competition .
malaysia 's hope for the gold increased friday after sprint king mardi lestari of indonesia caught a mystery bug on his way to the southeast asian games here to defend his ### meters title .
more than #,### chinese businessmen considering investing in nicaragua will begin arriving here next week to look for business opportunities , sources said thursday .
china is holding back from signing a un agreement on implementing law of the sea fishing provisions , concerned that some sections could result in the use of force and sovereignty infringements , a report said friday .
scorecard at lunch on the opening day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here .
china handed out bidding documents friday for the country 's first power project to experiment with a build , operate and transfer -lrb- bot -rrb- financing .
shops reopened and transport resumed in bangladesh 's capital friday , a day after clashes between police and anti-government protesters left ### people injured , but the opposition said more rallies were planned .
sri lanka found the going tough at the start of the first cricket test against australia at the waca ground here friday .
china enthroned friday the six-year-old boy recently selected by the atheist government as the reincarnation of tibetan buddhism 's second most important leader , the panchen lama , xinhua reported .
china 's <unk> government on friday enthroned its choice of the reincarnation of tibetan buddhism 's second most important leader , the panchen lama , confirming a harmful split in the religion .
the indian parliament adjourned in uproar for a third day in a row on friday with opposition lawmakers angrily demanding the resignation of communications minister sukh ram for alleged corruption .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower on friday , with the nikkei stock average depressed by modest profit-taking and the easier tone on wall street overnight , brokers said .
the dollar traded lower against the yen here friday as dealers reported active selling of the mark for the japanese currency .
president chandrika kumaratunga on friday announced the sri lankan army would launch another military offensive in order to secure a vital land route to the former tamil rebel bastion of jaffna .
russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin and pro-russian chechen government head doku zavgayev signed in moscow friday an agreement ratifying the attachment of chechnya to russia , a russian government spokesman said .
the tibetan government-in-exile on friday condemned china 's enthronement of a rival panchen lama , the second most important figure in tibetan buddhism , and denied any schism in the religion .
canadaian prime minister jean chretien will visit pakistan next month at the head of a large business delegation and hold talks with pakistani counterpart benazir bhutto , a senior canadian diplomat said .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower friday , with the nikkei stock average depressed by modest profit-taking and the easier tone on wall street overnight , brokers said .
the rand dipped slightly against the dollar to open friday at #.#### \/ ## after thursday 's close of #.#### \/ ## .
presidents of south america 's mercosur countries closed their summit meeting here underscoring their will to consolidate the fledgling free trade zone as a landmark accord with the european union loomed .
hezbollah guerrillas killed a pro-israeli militiaman in a bomb attack on friday , officials said .
a devout moslem who found his wife in bed with his best friend was jailed for two years here friday for stabbing the best friend to death in a frenzied attack .
egyptian president hosni mubarak 's ruling party increased its sweeping majority in parliament as ## independent deputies joined it immediately after being elected , the daily al-akhbar reported friday .
a government-backed fund to compensate women forced to have sex with japanese troops during world war ii has received more than ### million yen -lrb- one million dollars -rrb- in donations , a government spokesman said friday .
the tibetan government-in-exile and tibetan expatriates here condemned the installation friday of a six-year-old boy selected by china as the panchen lama , the second most important figure in tibetan buddhism .
cuban president fidel castro arrived in hanoi friday on his first visit since #### when the veteran revolutionary toured communist `` liberated '' areas and pledged cuban blood would spill to defend vietnam .
prominent businessman mikhail <unk> , a candidate of the government party our <unk> in upcoming legislative elections , was assassinated in the ural town of <unk> friday , regional police said .
chechens denounced an accord signed in moscow on friday by the russian prime minister and the head of the moscow-installed chechen government , saying it had no legitimate basis without public discussion .
top us officials were to meet in sarajevo friday to hammer out security arrangements for the deployment of us troops in bosnia and in london to discuss coordination details between the united nations and the nato-led multinational force for the balkans .
saudi arabia 's king fahd has left hospital after being admitted last week , a palace statement said friday .
china 's <unk> government on friday enthroned its choice of the reincarnation of tibetan buddhism 's second most important leader , the panchen lama , strengthening the wedge that threatens to split the religion .
cuban president fidel castro arrived in hanoi friday on his first visit since #### when the communist leader toured battle zones and revelled in the close links between the socialist allies .
israeli prime minister shimon peres is due to meet plo leader yasser arafat at this border crossing on friday for the first time since succeeding the slain yitzhak rabin .
more than a hundred supporters of a free east timor were holed up in two embassies here friday for the second day , as prominent human - rights activists and diplomats strove to resolve the crisis .
prime minister shimon peres will stop in morocco and meet king hassan next week on his way back from a visit to the united states , his office said friday .
saudi arabia 's king fahd has left hospital after falling ill last week , the royal palace announced friday .
the ruble fell by five points to #,### to the dollar on the moscow interbank currency exchange friday .
indonesian foreign minister ali alatas in the first official comment on an attempted break-in into the dutch embassy where supporters of a free east timor are holed up said friday he <unk> the incident .
former prime minister tsutomu hata declared his candidacy friday in a leadership race for the opposition new frontier party , currently headed by <unk> <unk> , another former prime minister .
the french franc firmed against the mark early on friday because the government remained determined to force through reforms and in response to a cut in interest rates , dealers said .
scorecard at the close of the second day in the four-day cricket tour match between new south wales and the west indies here friday .
score card at tea on the opening day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here .
a three-wicket burst by australia 's in-form fast bowler glenn mcgrath left sri lanka <unk> on the opening day of the first cricket test here friday .
russia and pro-russian chechen authorities signed an agreement here friday ratifying the attachment of the breakaway republic of chechnya to russia under `` a special status '' .
polling in two kenyan by-elections exploded into violence thursday , with one candidate beaten unconscious , several cars set on fire , and police and youths engaging in running battles , newspapers reported friday .
beijing 's cultural affairs bureau has called for a halt to the construction of new discotheques in the chinese capital , warning that the market is already saturated .
taiwan 's golden horse film festival will kick off in taipei this weekend with hong kong 's `` summer snow '' seen as the most likely winner in the best film , best director and best actress categories , officials and reviewers said friday .
a palestinian suspected of collaborating with the israelis was shot dead in this occupied west bank village near bethlehem , palestinian sources said friday .
shares here fell in early trading friday , undermined by sharp overnight falls in new york and lower than expected takeover activity on the london market , dealers said .
rail union leaders have agreed to meet the mediator appointed by prime minister alain juppe friday to try to resolve the two-week-old rail strike , the transport ministry said .
the palestinian militant group hamas said here friday it was still waiting for an official invitation from egypt for a planned dialogue with the plo in cairo .
the senate voted late thursday to restrict late-term abortions only to cases in which the mother 's life is at risk , inching closer to a presidential veto of the measure .
a russian naval vessel and four helicopters resumed searching icy waters off the coast of eastern siberia on friday for the wreckage of a domestic airliner which went missing more than ## hours earlier with ## people on board , interfax news agency reported .
the alleged commander of a zimbabwean rebel group was jailed on friday for ## years on charges of undergoing illegal military training outside the country with the intention of overthrowing the government .
china is to give sudan a loan of ## million dollars , mostly to develop its petroleum industry , finance minister abdullah hassan ahmad said friday .
sri lanka fought back to finish with ### all out in their first innings in the first cricket test against australia here friday .
scorecard at stumps on the opening day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here .
scoreboard at lunch on the second day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here friday .
general secretary do muoi has confirmed that the vietnamese communist party will hold a congress in june next year in the first official announcement of the key political conclave .
foreign investment in israel has skyrocketed over the last year , jumping threefold to #.## billion dollars , in another sign of growing confidence in the country 's booming economy , the government announced friday .
saudi arabia 's king fahd has left hospital after falling ill last week but is under doctors ' orders to rest , the royal palace announced friday .
cambodia stepped up its campaign against foreign critics friday , claiming an `` international media campaign '' was trying to discredit the country .
japanese share prices closed #.# percent lower friday as other asia pacific markets reported investors locking in profits after recent gains .
former nazi ss officer erich priebke , jailed here in connection with the #### revenge massacre of ### italian partisans , has denied charges that he had helped draw up lists of the victims , the daily la repubblica reported friday .
the french franc held firm friday morning on the european markets despite continued strikes , while the progression of the dollar was tied to the us employment figures , to be published later in the day .
the international amateur athletic federation -lrb- iaaf -rrb- has been accused of rigging its prestigious athlete of the year awards .
police arrested ## people friday after a protest at the macau government palace here turned violent , casting a shadow on the visit by portuguese president mario soares .
a fighting ### not out by jack russell brought england to ### for # at lunch on the second day of the four-day tour game against boland here friday .
forty-seven protestors who occupied the compound of the russian embassy here to demand independence for east timor left the premises on friday , an afp reporter saw .
police said friday they had found an apparent hit-list of almost ### names in the latest twist of a cyprus gang war that has claimed eight lives so far this year .
a palestinian was injured friday in the flashpoint town of hebron on the west bank when a bomb he was handling exploded , palestinian sources said .
senior us envoy richard holbrooke was expected here friday evening to meet with president franjo tudjman on the implementation of the bosnia peace accord , a western diplomat said .
israeli prime minister shimon peres and palestinian leader yasser arafat began talks at this border crossing on friday for the first time since the assassination of yitzhak rabin .
the irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb- friday said there was `` no question '' of surrendering its arms before the start of northern ireland all-party peace talks , but its leading spokesman quickly denied that this cast doubts on the peace process .
first it was a `` <unk> '' bowler then friday it was a chinese batsman who rocked the touring west indians in their cricket match against new south wales here .
quarter final draw for the cup winners cup made here friday .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- plans to send a team to sarajevo in january in the hope it can it can get reconstruction of sports facilities there underway , ioc president juan antonio samaranch said friday .
israeli prime minister shimon peres and palestinian leader yasser arafat began talks at this border crossing on friday for the first time since the assassination of yitzhak rabin .
intelligence agents in the philippine capital are on alert following reports two foreign terrorists have slipped into the country to establish contacts with a moslem extremist group , police sources said friday .
a plane carrying ## people from french guiana to the haitian capital port-au-prince crashed while approaching to land , killing all those on board , the french overseas ministry said friday .
bosnian croat authorities have released from jail a military commander indicted of war crimes , in violation of the bosnian peace agreements initialled last month in ohio , the new york times said friday .
flights into and out of paris ' two international airports were delayed for up to two hours friday by strike action , the adp airport authority said .
russian president boris yeltsin , slowly recovering from a serious heart ailment , is being kept in near quarantine at his rest home to avoid him contracting flu as an epidemic sweeps moscow , interfax reported friday .
the moscow education authorities friday ordered a three-day closure of the city 's schools starting next week due to an influenza epidemic , interfax news agency reported .
prime minister shimon peres announced friday that israel was to release #,### palestinian prisoners after a meeting with palestinian leader yasser arafat .
the organization for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- will set up a one-year mission to bosnia-hercegovina to help implement a peace agreement for the war-torn country , an osce statement said friday .
japan 's mitsubishi corp. has bought exclusive rights to market the movies of the united states ' turner broadcasting system inc. to japanese television companies , a mitsubishi spokesman said friday .
scoreboard at tea on the second day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here friday .
boland , facing a ###-run first innings by england , were ## for # at tea on the second day of the four-day tour match here friday .
a plane carrying ## people to the haitian capital port-au-prince crashed while approaching to land , killing all those on board , a un spokesman in haiti and officials in the french overseas territory guadeloupe said friday .
share prices slipped on the bombay stock exchange -lrb- bse -rrb- on friday as traders and indian institutional investors sold heavily .
li rui huan , a permanent standing committee member of china 's politburo , arrived here friday for an official goodwill visit on the second leg of his five-nation southeast asian tour .
prime minister shimon peres announced friday that israel was to release #,### palestinian prisoners after a meeting with palestinian leader yasser arafat .
richard holbrooke , the senior us official who brokered the dayton peace accord for bosnia returned to sarajevo friday for the first time since the dayton document was initialled on november ## .
an earthquake registering #.# on the open-ended richter scale hit the southern kuril islands in russia 's far east friday , the russian emergency situations ministry reported .
two traditional healers who claimed they could cure aids have died after having sex with patients they believed they had cured , the government information service reported friday .
the us unemployment rate was #.# percent in november , against #.# percent in october and #.# percent in september , the labor department said friday .
dutch-swedish chemical group akzo nobel announced friday that it has just signed a joint venture agreement with chinese firm <unk> paint factory , based in <unk> near shanghai .
russian authorities on friday stepped up the search at sea for the wreckage of a domestic airliner which went missing more than ## hours earlier with ## people on board , interfax news agency reported .
powerful german metalworkers ' union ig metall on friday denounced the jailing of south korean labor leader kwon <unk> , president of the kctu union confederation recently established in south korea .
sony of japan signed an eight-million-dollar deal with lebanese state television on friday to provide it with a digital transmission system , the station said .
five children were among ## people killed in the bomb attack at a petrol station in kurdish-held northern iraq , hospital officials said friday .
three south koreans convicted of running a slave-labor sweatshop here face more than five years behind bars , officials said friday .
greenpeace on friday branded as a failure a vienna conference which thrashed out compromise measures to check the rapidly increasing hole in the ozone layer , saying the protective covering was `` left open to attack '' .
the us unemployment rate was #.# percent in november , against #.# percent in october and #.# percent in september , the labor department said friday .
portuguese president mario soares criticised indonesia on friday for allowing pro-government activists to enter an embassy compound in jakarta to clash with supporters for a free east timor .
the french government is taking out adverts in some ## national newspapers this weekend to explain prime minister alain juppe 's controversial welfare reform plans .
chinese vice-premier and foreign minister qian qichen reiterated here thursday that hong kong would retain a high degree of autonomy after #### and stressed the need for people there to be involved in government .
the cash-strapped government of malawi has no money to run crucial local government elections next year , a top government official said friday .
a basic system of free buses is to be operated in paris from saturday amid the continuing absence of public transport , officials announced friday .
the dollar took advantage of the german mark 's weakness friday afternoon on the london forex market to climb against all other major currencies and break up through the #.##-mark level and go over five french francs .
israeli troops shot dead a palestinian and wounded three others on friday during a clash in this volatile west bank town , palestinian sources said .
israel is to seal off the northern west bank town of tulkarem before turning it over to palestinian control on sunday , a military spokesman said .
the head of israel 's right-wing opposition has seen his popularity nosedive since prime minister yitzhak rabin was assassinated last month , according to two opinion polls published friday .
the dutch finance ministry announced on friday that it would float a six percent government bond issue for ## years , the first one intended for covering the dutch government 's financing needs for #### .
an opinion poll in racism and racial tolerance revealed friday that almost a quarter of italians consider as `` unpleasant '' the presence of immigrants from outside the european union .
british-swedish steel group avesta sheffield will invest ###.# million kronor -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- in its precision strips -lrb- <unk> works -rrb- division in sweden , avesta sheffield said friday .
several meetings of high-level finance officials of ## key industrial countries , initially set for early next week in strike-bound paris , will now be held in the swiss banking center of basle , diplomats said here friday .
the palestinian militant group hamas on friday vowed to keep up the armed struggle against israel , on the eve of the eighth anniversary of the uprising .
kenya 's opposition forum for the restoration of <unk> -lrb- <unk> -rrb- candidate tom onyango won western kenya 's <unk> parliamentary seat in a by-election held thursday .
president bill clinton threatened friday to veto the next republican budget plan as the white house signalled a new impasse in the battle with congress .
fiat 's branches in argentina , brazil and venezuela will manufacture its new palio , a world car born of one billion dollars in development investment , company officials said friday .
the cambodian government has issued a statement calling the creation of a newly formed opposition party illegal and is expected to quickly close the party 's headquarters , a senior government official said friday .
a plan launched by france and germany to give them greater weight in eu decision-making seems certain to anger britain and to set small countries in the union against the four big members .
leftist rebels blew up an often busy stretch of highway leading out of bogota to colombia 's agricultural and oil-producing east , the transport ministry reported friday .
fifty seven free east timor protestors who left the russian embassy after a two day sit-in were late friday being questioned at the jakarta police headquarters , while two lawyers were denied access to them .
disgruntled norwegian airmen are threatening to return home early from peacekeeping duties in bosnia unless the government comes up with more cash , their union said friday .
the russian parliament friday criticised the bosnia peace agreement hitting out in particular at the leading role nato is to play in implementing the accords , interfax news agency said .
blue-chip share prices edged higher in early trading friday on increased hopes for a federal reserve interest rate cut after a weaker-than-expected november employment report .
the dollar firmed against the other major currencies except the yen friday in quiet pre-weekend trading .
six people , including three soldiers , were killed after a grenade exploded after being accidentally dropped in a market square in bo , ### kilometres -lrb- ### miles -rrb- south of the capital , according to journalists friday .
nobel literature prize winner wole soyinka on friday labeled the military regime in nigeria as a `` bottomless evil , '' as he accepted a prize on behalf of a nigerian reporter jailed in her own country .
strikers disrupted flights into and out of paris ' two main airports friday for the second day in a row , blocking access to one terminal for a time , officials said .
the white house dismissed concerns friday that the irish republican army 's -lrb- ira -rrb- refusal to turn over its weapons indicated a breakdown in the peace process .
journalists at the south african broadcasting corporation will be asked to their reveal past army , police and political party links to an internal commission , the sabc said friday .
six children aged three to nine suffocated in an out-of-service refrigerator west of here , the official daily granma reported friday .
swedish <unk> kockums still hopes to win an order for two submarines for thailand , despite bribery allegations and thai suggestions that kockums be eliminated from the bidding , kockums said friday .
representatives of more than ## nations and international groups met here friday for the first full-scale meeting on the reconstruction of bosnia-hercegovina since the dayton , ohio , accord last month .
for the first time since world war ii , ukraine has started to lose more people than it gains through migration , as large numbers leave the former soviet republic due to an economic crisis , the united nations said friday .
zimbabwe friday kicked off preparations for its third presidential election next year by nominating #,### stations where voters can inspect the electoral register .
one of south africa 's largest taxi firms on friday threatened shell with a nationwide boycott unless the oil giant ceased operations in nigeria .
scoreboard at the close of play on the second day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here friday .
representatives of more than ## nations and international groups met here friday for the first full-scale meeting on the reconstruction of bosnia-hercegovina since the dayton , ohio , accord last month .
sales of new homes in the united states fell #.# percent in october , the commerce department said friday , surprising analysts who expected a modest rise .
a career best from jack russell and some gritty batting from richard illingworth gave england a healthy ### first innings lead at the end of the second day of their tour match against boland here friday .
the cash register at the corner store in argentina is about to get smarter , with businesses forced to accept electronic register monitors to put a dent in storeowners ' sales tax evasion .
serious irregularities have emerged in the way a contract was prepared for a new assembly hall for the european parliament in strasbourg , france , a specialist weekly that covers the european union claimed friday .
lyon goalkeeper pascal <unk> was charged for `` possession and circulating counterfeit money '' here on friday following months of police investigations .
government party candidate mikhail <unk> , found shot dead friday in one of central russia 's major cities , is the latest victim of a wave of political killings in the run-up to the russian elections .
five children were among at least ## people killed in the bomb attack at a petrol station in kurdish-held northern iraq , hospital officials said here friday .
the future of un peacekeepers in rwanda remained uncertain friday hours before their mandate was due to expire , as the kigali government differed with western countries over troop reduction .
peter graf 's lawyers handed over details of all his daughter steffi 's earnings on friday in the hope the admission would secure his release on bail before christmas .
swedish truck and bus manufacturer scania will start assembling trucks locally in lahore in early #### with the first chassis scheduled to roll out of the new factory in march , scania said friday .
the mozambique national resistance -lrb- renamo -rrb- opposition movement called on the government friday to launch a joint investigation into claims the party is hiding units of armed men in central mozambique .
political violence in south africa 's kwazulu-natal province dropped to its lowest levels in more than a year last month with ## deaths reported , the independent human rights committee said friday .
the french government will delay the signature of a controversial railways restructuring plan that set off the strikes that have crippled the country for two weeks , trade union sources said friday .
quebec jewish leaders and the province 's justice minister expressed outrage friday after a judge said that the nazis killed jews in auschwitz `` without suffering .
nottingham forest 's uefa cup quarter-final draw with bayern munich on friday had echoes of their previous european champions cup final win ## years ago .
a man in his thirties was found shot dead friday not far from the center of belfast , police in northern ireland said .
the russian foreign ministry friday welcomed france 's decision to cut short its nuclear testing program , the interfax news agency reported .
political violence in south africa 's kwazulu-natal province dropped to its lowest levels in more than a year in november with ## deaths reported , the independent human rights committee said friday .
sergey yuran on friday became the third key person to leave spartak moscow football club in just three days .
president bill clinton warned angolan president jose eduardo dos santos friday that recent cease-fire violations in the african country could threaten its fledgling us ties .
<unk> clark will next month resume the glittering role of norma desmond , heroine of andrew lloyd weber 's musical version of the film `` sunset boulevard , '' the evergreen british actress and singer revealed friday .
swedish car manufacturer saab automobile will switch suppliers of its automatic folding <unk> in the ### cabriolet series from the beginning of #### , saab said friday .
the irish republican army -lrb- ira -rrb- said friday it would not surrender its arms before the start of all-party peace talks on northern ireland , drawing swift rebuke from london and pro-british parties in the province .
rachid ramda , an algerian wanted in connection with a series of terrorist bomb attacks in france , will be held here for another week while france prepares its case for extradition , a court ruled here friday .
journalists sent by zambian president fredrick chiluba to probe press reports that he is of zairean origin and therefore ruling zambia illegally , have found no evidence to back up the claims .
yevgeny kafelnikov earned a semi-final clash against goran ivanisevic in the six-million-dollar grand slam cup here on friday after defeating holland 's jacco eltingh in the quarter-finals .
the german parliament -lrb- bundestag -rrb- adopted a compromise ## percent pay rise for itself friday that will take effect from january #### , after earlier seeing hopes of a ## percent rise dashed .
french foreign minister herve de charette on friday gave serb president slobodan milosevic until next sunday to return two french pilots missing since their mirage jet was shot down over serb held territory in bosnia since august ## .
striking miners staged running battles with riot police for the second straight day in eastern france friday , in the most serious case of escalating violence accompanying the country 's social crisis .
the london stock market ran out of steam this week , hit by profit - taking in the wake of recent record highs and affected by investors ' caution about the prospects of the british economy .
a ##-year-old liberian man in ivory coast is carrying the deadly ebola virus that killed hundreds of people in zaire earlier this year , the medical sources here confirmed friday .
the frankfurt stock market slowed its pace this week in its effort to reach the symbolic #,###-point level , despite a firmer dollar , as the market worried about the continuing large-scale strikes in france - germany 's main trading partner .
the white house dismissed concerns friday that the irish republican army 's -lrb- ira -rrb- refusal to turn over its weapons indicated a breakdown in the peace process .
iraq denied friday that it tried to import ## million dollars worth of missile parts in violation of un sanctions , saying that the equipment belonged to a jordanian `` agent '' who tried to sell them to baghdad .
a gunman torched a harlem clothing store on friday , killing eight people , apparently including himself , after a standoff with police in which four other people were wounded , authorities said friday .
a briton who became the first black trooper to serve in queen elizabeth ii 's prestigious household cavalry regiment wants to leave because of racist taunts , defense sources said friday .
president fernando henrique cardoso was due to set out sunday on an international swing scheduled to take him to china , macau , malaysia and spain , officials said friday .
french foreign minister herve de charette on friday gave serb president slobodan milosevic until next sunday to return two french pilots missing since their mirage jet was shot down over serb held territory in bosnia since august ## .
pope john paul ii will make his ##th visit to latin america early next year in a four-country tour that will last eight days , vatican sources said friday .
government party candidate mikhail <unk> , found shot dead friday in one of central russia 's major cities , was the latest victim of a wave of killings in the run-up to russian elections .
the dollar reversed an upward morning trend and lost ground friday against the other major currencies due to profit-taking fueled by uncertainty over budget talks .
australia 's rodney eyles , the world number two , was devastating in beating world open semi-finalist mark chaloner here on friday in the second round of the mahindra international squash challenge .
iraq denied friday it had tried to import ## million dollars worth of missile parts despite un sanctions , saying they belonged to a jordanian arms dealer who tried to sell them to baghdad .
iraqi defector general hussein kamel hassan said friday he had handed out copies of his political manifesto to opposition parties in a bid to form a joint front against president saddam hussein .
sparta prague coach jozef <unk> was sacked on friday , a day after his side 's elimination from the uefa cup by ac milan , according to a sparta club official .
the white house dismissed the ira 's refusal to turn over its weapons as posturing friday , and said it did not indicate a breakdown in the peace process president bill clinton has been striving to foster .
jacques glassmann , who revealed the <unk> match - rigging scandal in #### , was set to receive fifa 's #### fair-play award here on saturday .
some #,### people called staged a peaceful demonstration friday in this french possession , protesting against french prime minister alain juppe 's welfare plan .
an advance team of nato soldiers , comprising italians and americans , is to fly into sarajevo on sunday from the alliance 's southern headquarters in naples , officials said here .
bolivian president gonzalo sanchez de lozada arrives in paris on saturday to urge fifa officials not to ban matches at altitude .
a man was shot dead near belfast city center friday in a killing bearing all the hallmarks of a professional attack , police in northern ireland said .
an internal document of cigarette maker philip morris likened nicotine to a drug both in its composition and its effect on the brain , the wall street journal reported friday .
moslem and croat party leaders in bosnia agreed friday on a deadline for the realisation of the country 's federation agreement , strengthened under the dayton peace accord .
villas , cars , boats and other assets worth ### billion lira -lrb- ## million dollars -rrb- have been seized by italian authorities on suspicion of belonging to mafia members , a judicial source said friday .
sweden 's carl bildt was friday named as the international community 's top civilian official in bosnia , in overall charge of coordinating civilian aspects of the country 's reconstruction , british defense secretary malcolm rifkind said .
us troubleshooter richard holbrooke arrived friday for talks with croatian president franjo tudjman as part of his balkans tour ahead of the implementation of the dayton , ohio peace accords .
senior us envoy richard holbrooke suggested to president franjo tudjman on friday that a retired american general should be appointed to oversee the transition of croatia 's eastern slavonia region .
a twin-engine plane carrying haitians deported from french guiana crashed in a heavily forested area , killing all ## people aboard , authorities said friday .
mexico 's inflation rate for #### could reach its highest level in eight years , analysts say .
france on friday gave serbian president slobodan milosevic until sunday to return two pilots missing since their mirage fighter jet was shot down over serb-held territory in bosnia in august .
nicaragua 's national development bank -lrb- <unk> -rrb- is in `` serious trouble , '' burdened by bad loans which totalled ### <unk> -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- in the first half of #### , according to mundo financiero financial magazine .
uncertainties surrounding the fate of #,### missing men from the former muslim enclave of srebrenica in eastern bosnia must be resolved if bosnian peace is to work , a red cross official said friday .
the #### nobel peace prize laureate , british anti-nuclear campaigner joseph rotblat , arrived in oslo late friday to attend the official nobel award ceremony here sunday , nobel committee officials said .
the united states voiced confidence friday in the `` twin-track '' peace process despite the irish republican army 's refusal to surrender arms before the start of all-party talks .
the un security council voted friday to extend the mission of un peacekeepers in rwanda for just four days while a debate continued over troop strength .
first lady hillary clinton registered husband bill in the february ## democratic primaries in new hampshire friday , making official the president 's candidacy for re-election .
yellowstone in the united states , the world 's oldest national park , has been added to the united nations ' list of endangered heritage sites , unesco announced in berlin on friday .
finnish industrial group kone has received two large orders for elevators to malaysia and thailand worth ## million finnish marks -lrb- ##.# million dollars -rrb- , kone said friday .
the winners of the #### right livelihood award , often called the alternative nobel prize , received their distinctions at an official ceremony in the swedish parliament -lrb- riksdag -rrb- on friday .
the dollar fell friday against the major currencies , except the french franc , as profit-taking set in .
share prices of blue chip stocks closed slightly down friday , with traders consolidating their positions after a minor correction the previous day .
at a news conference , house budget committee chairman john kasich said republicans would spend the weekend examining the new clinton budget and the congressional budget office would release new economic assumptions on monday .
some ## people gathered friday in central park to pay homage to john lennon , murdered ## years ago .
two military officers accused of the disappearances of dozens of people in the ####s face additional charges in the disappearance of two <unk> people , the honduran human rights prosecutor said friday .
veteran us representative tom <unk> became the ##th democrat this year to call it quits , announcing friday in his home state of alabama that he would not run for re-election in #### .
prices of grains and soy products , except soy oil , rose friday on the chicago futures market .
british pop singer boy george sparked outrage here friday with plans to release a song about the drug `` ecstasy , '' with mps calling for home secretary michael howard to ban the record .
the government on friday outlined new legislation to target people in britain who arrange foreign trips on which adults commit sexual offences against children .
us president bill clinton has urged ulster leaders to grasp the chance for peace , saying in an interview in saturday 's times they owed their people `` a future that responds to the energy in the street '' that was so apparent on his visit to the province last week .
the european human rights commission on friday rejected as unfounded a motion against french nuclear testing in the south pacific that had been lodged by ## residents of french polynesia .
super-size superstar shaquille o'neal was taken off the injured list by the orlando magic on friday and could play his first game of the national basketball association season next tuesday .
a federal judge ordered two swiss banks friday to relinquish millions of dollars from the estate of the late philippine president ferdinand marcos as payment in a massive class action suit .
a federal judge ordered two swiss banks friday to relinquish millions of dollars from the estate of the late philippine president ferdinand marcos as payment in a massive class action suit .
blue-chip share prices reached three records this week but hit resistance near #,### as investors adjusted their portfolios as the end of the year approaches .
hospitalized pop icon michael jackson is showing signs of moderate improvement but was extremely ill when he collapsed this week during rehearsals , his personal physician said friday .
the dutch government on friday made clear its opposition to public parliamentary hearings into the conduct dutch united nations troops during the fall of the bosnian moslem enclave of srebrenica last july .
president bill clinton has widened his lead to nearly ## points over the top republican presidential candidate , senate majority leader bob dole , according to a poll released friday .
hospitalized pop icon michael jackson is showing signs of moderate improvement since he collapsed during rehearsals but will remain in intensive care for several days , his personal physician said friday .
the russian government announced friday it would make available seven thousand billion rubles -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- between now and the end of the year to finance military-industrial purchases , the interfax news agency reported .
the state department said friday that the united states will not join asean countries in declaring southeast asia a nuclear-free zone next week unless the treaty is modified .
china 's best known dissident , wei jingsheng , will stand trial next week on sedition charges that could carry the death penalty , family members said saturday .
the legendary rock group the `` grateful dead '' decided to break up after three decades following the death of guitarist and band leader jerry garcia , the group said in a statement friday .
a gunman torched a harlem clothing store friday , killing eight people , apparently including himself , after a standoff with police in which five people were wounded , authorities said .
development experts from the world bank and japan will meet in tokyo this month to discuss global poverty and environmental destruction , the bank said friday .
taiwan share prices finished one percent higher saturday on active trading , with eight major categories of shares rising across the board .
chinese authorities barred canadian jay cochrane from leaving the country for not paying taxes on the ###,### dollars he earned for walking a tightrope across china 's yangtze river last month , the china news service reported saturday .
new zealand were all out for ### runs in their first innings against pakistan at tea on the second day of the one-off test match here saturday , gaining a lead of ## .
prosecutors have uncovered ## secret bank accounts they say are held by former south korean president chun <unk> , who allegedly raised at least ### million dollars in a slush fund , news reports said saturday .
lawyers were trying saturday to meet more than ## protestors who spent the night being questioned at the police headquarters after staging a two-day sit in at the russian embassy in support of east timor 's independence .
sri lanka 's moderate tamil parties saturday called for a cease-fire between government forces and tamil tiger guerrillas in the embattled jaffna peninsula in the country 's north .
security at the french and us embassies was stepped up saturday and workers at some international organizations have taken extra precautions following a week of rising political tensions in cambodia .
president bill clinton showed no signs of backing down saturday from a budget fight with congress that could mean the second government shutdown in a month .
shenzhen must retain its status as china 's window to the outside world , president jiang zemin said during a visit to the special economic zone that evoked memories of deng xiaoping 's landmark #### tour .
bangladesh 's main opposition parties began a ##-hour nationwide strike saturday in an attempt to force prime minister khaleda zia to step down before parliamentary elections .
opening batsmen michael slater and mark taylor gave australia a flying start to their first innings in the first cricket test against sri lanka here saturday .
scorecard at lunch saturday on the second day of the first cricket test betwen australia and sri lanka at waca ground here .
south korea stepped up vigilance saturday along shorelines and the demilitarized zone -lrb- dmz -rrb- dividing korea against possible infiltration from north korea , a defense ministry spokesman said .
torture , persecution of outspoken figures and restrictions on the freedom of association continue in indonesia , the legal aid institute charged ahead of international human rights day on sunday .
university and secondary school students clashed with police here friday , leaving ## people injured in a confrontation that erupted following a ##-hour student strike , hospital sources reported .
chinese vice premier qian qichen has issued a stern warning that beijing will not tolerate the use of human rights issues to stir up unrest in hong kong , prior to the colony 's reversion to chinese sovereignty in #### .
pakistan held an overall lead of ## runs at stumps on the second day of their one-off test match against new zealand here saturday .
malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad has refuted allegations by a malaysian human rights group that the country is involved in an arms race , news reports said saturday .
australian golfer peter o'malley held a three stroke lead saturday going into the final round of the ###,### nz dollars -lrb- ###,### us -rrb- new zealand open tournament at the grange course here .
a major breakdown at a powerhouse in bombay plunged the western indian city into chaos on saturday with thousands of people failing to reach offices after trains came to a halt , the press trust of india said .
police arrested a moslem fundamentalist union leader here on saturday who is opposed to jordan 's peace treaty with israel , officials said .
government troops and the taliban militia traded heavy rocket , machine-gun , mortar and tank rounds during a ##-hour battle near kabul early saturday , commanders said .
lawyers were barred saturday from meeting more than ## protesters who spent the night being questioned by police after their two-day occupation of the russian embassy in support of east timor 's independence .
tibetan exiles in the indian capital were stopped by police saturday as they tried to march to the chinese embassy to protest beijing 's enthronement of a panchen lama , the second most important figure in tibetan buddhism .
israeli prime minister shimon peres called on syria on saturday to help forge a `` total peace '' for the sake of a new middle east and future generations .
cambodia 's second prime minister hun sen saturday again launched a bitter attack on `` foreign interference '' in his country but said that any demonstrations against foreign embassies here would be peaceful .
the polish supreme court was to meet here saturday to hear an appeal by opponents of newly elected president aleksander kwasniewski to scrap his election because he allegedly lied about his educational qualifications .
senior french government officials resumed talks with union leaders here saturday to try to end the ##-day public transport strike as weary commuters rested up for what looked like another week on foot .
acting west indies skipper courtney walsh limped off with an ankle injury while bowling then saw his team capitulate for a second time in the tour cricket match against new south wales here saturday .
scorecard at the close of the third day in the four-day cricket tour match between new south wales and the west indies here saturday .
a congressional delegation of republicans and democrats is to meet here saturday with president franjo tudjman as part of a fact-finding mission ahead of the upcoming vote in washington on the historic nato operation .
australian openers michael slater and mark taylor mauled the sri lankan attack on the second day of the first test here saturday .
dutch diplomats and indonesian authorities were negotiating saturday on the fate of ## people who have occupied the dutch mission since thursday in support of independence for east timor .
scorecard at tea saturday on the second day of the first cricket test betwen australia and sri lanka at waca ground here .
pakistan held an overall lead of ## runs at stumps on the second day of their one-off test match against new zealand here saturday .
african champions ' cup finalists orlando pirates have sacked coach joe <unk> just one week before the second leg against asec in the ivory coast .
the london conference on reconstruction efforts for war-torn bosnia - hercegovina opened saturday for its second and final day .
the french government launched a huge publicity drive saturday to press home its point of view as crippling public sector strikes in protest at a controversial welfare reform package entered a third week .
police arrested a moslem fundamentalist union leader and former mp opposed to jordan 's peace treaty with israel here saturday after he criticized king hussein , officials said .
three people have been arrested on suspicion of cutting off the tongue of a rival 's camel to ensure it kept out of a race in yemen , police said saturday .
opening batsman michael slater raced to ### not out to put australia in total command on the second day of the first cricket test against sri lanka here saturday .
the pilot and two medical workers on board a rescue helicopter were killed while trying to land at <unk> airport in eastern germany around midnight friday , police said here saturday .
prime minister shimon peres called saturday for new ideas from both israel and syria to help forge a `` total peace '' and break the deadlock in their negotiations .
the army on saturday ordered israelis to stay out of nablus , a day after a palestinian was shot dead in the west bank town in clashes with soldiers .
a four-year-old boy died when he stuck his head into a washing machine to recover a ball he was playing with , kuwaiti newspapers reported saturday .
former russian parliament speaker ruslan khasbulatov saturday officially pulled out of chechen leadership elections slated for december ## .
scoreboard at lunch on the third day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here saturday .
scorecard at stumps saturday on the second day of the first cricket test betwen australia and sri lanka at waca ground here .
the opposition democratic left party -lrb- dsp -rrb- will seek to renegotiate turkey 's customs union with the eu if it wins power in elections this month , party leader bulent ecevit was quoted as saying on saturday .
us mediator richard holbrooke said he had renewed calls for the earliest possible release of two french pilots , missing for more than three months , in talks here with serbian president slobodan milosevic .
police in jakarta said saturday they plan to release all ## protestors detained for questioning after they staged a sit-in at the russian embassy in support of a free east timor .
kuwait on saturday announced a ban on the sale or rental of iraqi videos and music cassettes or cds , to take effect from the end of this month .
boland made a slow going of it in the third day of their four-day match against the touring england side here saturday , bringing their first innings total to ### .
a magnificent unbeaten ### by ##-year-old opening batsman michael slater has given australia a stranglehold on the first cricket test against sri lanka here .
bangladeshi business leaders appealed to the country 's warring politicians to end a ##-month government-opposition standoff , saying the unrest was sending `` worrying signals '' to businesses and crippling the economy .
a first group of some ## us troops flew into the military airport here on saturday to set up a logistical base and transit center for the nato troops to be deployed in bosnia-hercegovina .
oman on saturday awarded a new oil concession to a consortium of three companies , as the gulf state steps up exploration to boost its hydrocarbon reserves , the oil ministry said .
jordan ordered the expulsion of iranian diplomat taher taheri on saturday for `` activities incompatible with his status , '' a senior official said .
a major power breakdown here plunged bombay , india 's business capital , and three western provinces into chaos on saturday with thousands of people failing to reach their offices .
another us transporter was to fly into tuzla airbase saturday , the third in as many days , bringing more men and equipment to prepare for the arrival of thousands of american gis , a us spokesman said .
the ruble fell seven points saturday on the moscow interbank currency exchange , <unk> at #,### rubles to the dollar compared with #,### the day before .
palestinians in the occupied west bank staged a protest strike on saturday , the eighth anniversary of the intifada against israeli rule .
an iranian newspaper urged saudi arabia on saturday to stop playing `` big brother '' toward its partners in the gulf cooperation council and warned of a growing revolt after qatar 's walkout at a gcc summit .
talks between miners and the state-owned coal utility to resolve a dispute over wages and pension rights ended in failure saturday just hours after being opened , union leaders said .
police arrested a moslem fundamentalist union leader and former mp opposed to jordan 's peace treaty with israel here saturday after he criticized king hussein , officials said .
malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad said saturday asean would go ahead with the signing of the southeast asian nuclear weapons-free zone pact next week despite the united states ' rejection .
russian president boris yeltsin saturday urged chechens to take part in leadership elections to be held in the breakaway republic on december ## and vowed to crack down on separatists hostile to the pro- moscow authorities .
turkish prime minister tansu ciller appealed saturday to the european parliament to ratify an eu customs union with turkey .
the russian and german space agencies signed an accord saturday to put a german astronaut on board the mir space station at the end of next year , itar-tass news agency reported , citing russian space agency officials .
the sri lankan cricket side has been found guilty of tampering with the ball on the second day of the first cricket test against australia here saturday .
jordan ordered the expulsion of iranian diplomat taher taheri on saturday for allegedly trying to incite an attack on israeli tourists , a senior official said .
the paris conference to sign peace accords on the former yugolsavia will take place on december ## , a french government spokesman said saturday , despite the lack of firm information on two missing french pilots .
world champion chen lu of china finished top in the free skating to win the women 's singles title for a second year running at the nhk trophy figure skating competition on saturday .
steve forbes , son of the flamboyant press mogul malcolm forbes , is gaining credibility as a candidate for <unk> nomination for the presidential elections .
us troubleshooter richard holbrooke renewed calls for the earliest possible release of two french pilots , missing for more than three months , in talks here with serbian president slobodan milosevic .
the sri lankan cricket side has been found guilty of tampering with the ball on the second day of the first cricket test against australia here saturday .
france 's luc alphand fought off an all-austrian challenge here on saturday to complete a winning double in the first two downhills of the new season .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has begun measures to compensate thousands of creditors of local branches of the collapsed bank of credit and commerce international -lrb- bcci -rrb- , officials here said saturday .
a group of protesters holed up in the dutch embassy for two days were taken saturday from the embassy compound to an unknown destination in two buses flanked by military motorbikes and seven police cars .
ankara prosecutors have instigated proceedings against ## human rights activists , following publication of a memorial book , according to a statement published here saturday .
a former chief executive of investment banking at barings denied he tried to cover up unauthorised trading by nick leeson , blamed for triggering the merchant bank 's collapse , the financial times reported saturday .
scoreboard at tea on the third day of the four-day tour match between boland and england here saturday .
giovanni <unk> , the reputed banker to italy 's underworld , is to stand trial for money laundering from february ## in this city in the southeast of sicily , a judicial official said saturday .
ninety-three drug traffickers have been killed and ## others wounded in clashes with police in the past four months , interior minister ali mohammad besharati said saturday .
venezuelan oil workers reached a contract deal with the state oil firm petroleos de venezuela -lrb- pdvsa -rrb- , avoiding what could have been a costly strike , union leaders said saturday .
a four-year-old boy died in hospital and was buried saturday after a bloody hostage-taking in the north ossetian capital vladikavkaz -- the fourth child to die in the incident , interfax news agency reported .
prime minister viktor chernomyrdin will head the russian delegation to the signing of the peace accords on former yugoslavia in paris on thursday , interfax news agency reported saturday , citing russian government officials .
tanzania marked its ##th independence anniversary quietly saturday , with newly elected president benjamin mkapa inspecting a guard of honor at the national stadium here .
a major fire in a sauna parlor has killed ## women in the southern chinese city of guangzhou , the xinhua news agency reported saturday .
a car was torched and a bank firebombed in bayonne , <unk> france , after france expelled a member of the basque separatist movement eta , police said saturday .
an earthquake measured at #.# on the richter scale rocked northern thailand late saturday causing some damage , although there were no immediate reports of casualties , weathermen said .
a group of protestors ended a three-day sit-in at the dutch embassy in support of independence for east timor , the second at a foreign mission here in the past few days .
france 's luc alphand fought off an all-austrian challenge to become the first frenchman to win a world cup downhill here on saturday .
scoreboard at close of the tour match between boland and england here saturday .
syria on saturday criticised israeli prime minister shimon peres over his insistence on having early warning stations on the golan heights , saying it would undermine his upcoming talks in washington .
embattled french prime minister alain juppe offered an olive branch of talks to union leaders saturday , as crippling public-sector strikes over welfare reform dragged into a third week .
jordan ordered the expulsion of iranian diplomat said <unk> on saturday for allegedly trying to incite an attack on israeli tourists , a senior official said .
england 's four-day tour game was shortened by a day as the match meandered towards an inconclusive end here saturday .
a french court sentenced ##-year-old algerian , mohamed <unk> , to seven years in prison for attempting to murder a man pasting up national front posters , legal sources said saturday .
french foreign minister herve de charette saturday refused to indicate how france might respond if serbian president slobodan milosevic failed to respond to a sunday deadline for return of two missing french pilots .
a task force of ### people is needed to implement elections in bosnia - hercegovina , while an international police force requires #,### officers , an international conference on reconstruction in war-torn bosnia agreed sunday , according to british officials .
german federal prosecutors have launched a murder inquiry against iranian minister of intelligence and security ali fallahian , the news magazine focus has reported , quoting a court spokesman .
poland 's supreme court on saturday upheld the presidential election won last month by former communist aleksander kwasniewski even though it concluded he lied about his educational background .
premiership leaders newcastle united suffered their second defeat of the season on saturday , but the #-# setback at chelsea went unpunished as manchester united were held by sheffield wednesday .
four hapless horses got in the way of paraguayan air force bombing raids meant to destroy secret airstrips used in the flourishing smuggling trade with brazil .
french rail workers saturday voted to continue strikes now in their third week , following a meeting between unions and a government - appointed mediator .
the iraqi army is pressing ahead with a campaign to repair vehicles and weapons damaged in the #### gulf war and the ####-#### war against iran , defense minister general sultan hashem ahmad said saturday .
bayern munich and borussia dortmund can thank lowly munich #### should this weekend be the start of a two-horse race in the german bundesliga , usually the closest major league in europe .
french rail workers saturday voted to continue strikes now in their third week , following what they called a fruitless meeting with a government-appointed mediator .
bordeaux 's reserve keeper franck <unk> was banned for two months for testing positive for an <unk> drug as he sat on the bench in a home match against montpellier in september .
the london conference on reconstruction of war-torn bosnia ended saturday with the announcement of six main achievements toward implementation of the dayton peace accords in the former yugoslav republic .
the world bank has estimated bosnia 's short-term reconstruction needs as costing ### million to ### million dollars , european union commissioner hans van den broek said here saturday .
british nobel peace prize winner joseph rotblat said here saturday that the prize was a welcome recognition of his work , but that much remained to be done to highlight the dangers of nuclear weapons .
aided by a mole working for the kremlim from inside the cia , moscow warped us views of key developments in russia and the soviet union for nearly a decade , cia director john deutch said in a report .
a russian aeroflot jetliner made an emergency landing here saturday because of trouble with one of its three engines , interfax news agency reported .
sinn fein deputy leader martin mcguinness saturday called for an immediate meeting between party president gerry adams and british prime minister john major in preparation for all-party talks on northern ireland .
international airports here gradually resumed normal services saturday a day after an air traffic controllers ' strike severely disrupted scheduled flights out of roissy-charles de gaulle and orly airports , aviation authorities said .
frenchman jacques glassmann , whose revelations of match-rigging in may #### brought down olympique marseille , won the #### fifa fair-play award here on saturday .
the netherlands has complained to indonesian authorities over security at its embassy in jakarta after protestors demanding independence for east timor stormed the compound , the dutch foreign ministry said saturday .
argentina 's government has decided not to seek international bids for oil exploration in waters to the east of the disputed british-ruled falkland islands , officials said saturday .
gordon durie clinched a #-# victory for scottish premier division leaders rangers on a disastrous saturday afternoon for struggling partick , who had steve docherty stretchered off and fellow striker wayne foster sent off in the dying seconds .
american todd martin caused a sensation and disappointed the home crowd as he ousted germany 's boris becker #-# , #-# , #-# , #-# -lrb- #\/# -rrb- to reach the final of the six-million-dollar grand slam cup here on saturday .
a ##-nation conference on reconstruction of post-war bosnia saturday expressed support and solidarity for france in its efforts to recover two pilots missing since they were shot down over serb-held territory in august .
england 's rugby union chiefs said saturday they were resigned to losing their top players if australian ross turnbull 's second attempt to take over the game in europe is successful .
midfielder roy keane was ruled out on saturday of the republic of ireland 's european championship play-off against holland at anfield on wednesday .
a bomb threat forced an air canada jet to make an emergency landing in this newfoundland city , officials said saturday .
legendary italian politician giulio andreotti , on trial for alleged collusion with the mafia , admitted saturday he `` almost '' regretted his nearly ##-year political career , during which he was seven times prime minister .
the united states has proposed direct talks next month between cypriot president glafcos clerides and turkish-cypriot leader rauf denktash in a bid to resolve the island 's ##-year division , clerides said saturday .
the murder of a <unk> in belfast bore the hallmark of the ira and was probably linked to drugs racketeering , sources said saturday .
a jewish settler was shot and seriously wounded on saturday while driving near the west bank town of bethlehem , palestinian sources said .
brazil 's gil de ferran , indy-car rookie of the year last season , has rejected an offer to drive in formula one to remain with the united states-based circuit .
a jewish settler was shot and seriously wounded on saturday while driving near the west bank town of bethlehem , palestinian sources said .
wimbledon manager joe kinnear revealed on saturday that his poorly supported premiership club could move out of south-east london to cardiff in a move that would boost their profile as well as their financial clout .
egypt 's opposition parties , crushed in legislative elections , vowed saturday to form a common front to seek the dissolution of parliament and a new vote under international supervision .
the us senate is expected to start confirming ambassadorial nominees within days following resolution of a dispute over foreign affairs spending between a key senator and the clinton administration .
former all black john gallagher , once regarded as the best full-back in the world , made an impressive debut for london-based harlequins in a ##-## , ##-try demolition of third division <unk> park .
second-placed manchester united missed a golden chance to step up the pressure in the title race after failing to make the most of premiership leaders newcastle 's second defeat of the season at injury - <unk> chelsea .
american todd martin caused a sensation and disappointed the home crowd as he ousted germany 's boris becker #-# , #-# , #-# , #-# -lrb- #\/# -rrb- to set up a final against goran ivanisevic in the six-million-dollar grand slam cup here on saturday .
canadian prime minister jean chretien will lead a delegation of provincial and business leaders to six asian countries next month , official sources said saturday .
egypt 's supreme administrative court on saturday postponed a ruling on whether to cancel vote results in a quarter of the seats in the newly - elected parliament due to allegations of widespread fraud .
the world bank saturday proposed a three-year , #.# billion dollar emergency plan to help rebuild bosnia after nearly four years of war .
after ## marriages , six divorces and numerous children mohammed murad of the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- said saturday he was eager to take more wives .
qatar said saturday it will boycott meetings of the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- if the new secretary general , a saudi whose appointment doha opposed , stays in his post .
a ## million-dollar court case involving american football practice players will be heard by the united states supreme court for a ruling that could affect the entertainment and construction industries .
somalia 's aid coordination body expressed concern saturday over recent alarming statements by a somali faction threatening international aid officials in somalia .
czech archaeologists uncovered a <unk> family tomb of a pharaonic noble in the <unk> necropolis outside cairo , their embassy in cairo said on saturday .
france glimpsed a breakthrough in a crippling strike deadlock saturday after the government and leading unions indicated they were prepared to negotiate controversial welfare reform plans which have triggered the country 's worst social unrest in almost ## years .
algeria 's islamic salvation front -lrb- fis -rrb- accused the hardline armed islamic group -lrb- gia -rrb- of the murder in july of one of its founding sheikhs in paris , the arab daily al-hayat reported on saturday .
warren moon threw for ### yards and two touchdowns here saturday , leading minnesota past cleveland ##-## to keep alive the vikings ' national football league playoff hopes .
aids pioneer jean-luc montagnier called saturday for more research into african ways of treating the killer disease .
aids pioneer luc montagnier called saturday for more research into african ways of treating the killer disease .
czech archaeologists uncovered a richly decorated family tomb of a pharaonic noble in the <unk> necropolis outside cairo , their embassy in cairo said on saturday .
israeli prime minister shimon peres left late saturday for the united states for talks with us president bill clinton on ways to unlock stalled peace talks with syria .
orlando 's shaquille o'neal returns to practice on monday after missing the first month of the national basketball association season with a broken thumb .
paris saint germain stretched their lead to nine points in the french championship on saturday following their biggest win of the season -- a #-# home victory against title holders nantes .
us olympian todd lodwick tripped himself ## meters from the finish and also took down norwegian rival halldor skard , costing both the nordic combined world cup season opener here saturday .
the rwandan government threatened saturday to terminate the mandate of the un peacekeeping force operating in the central african country unless it reduces its troop strength , state radio said .
the powerful mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- announced a three-day mourning period after self-exiled leader altaf hussain 's elder brother and nephew were found dead here saturday , party leaders said early sunday .
atletico madrid gave barcelona a footballing lesson as they thrashed them #-# in the spanish championship on saturday to widen their lead at the top to four points over the catalonian club .
british authorities have frozen a bank account containing ##.# million dollars belonging to the jailed brother of former mexican president carlos salinas , mexican officials said .
egyptian prosecutors on saturday asked for the death sentence against two moslem militants and life sentences for ## others accused of plotting to assassinate government ministers , legal sources said .
charges have been brought against an army colonel in connection with a #### massacre of ## peasants in southeast colombia , according to press reports saturday .
western samoa taught the south west division a lesson in physical rugby as they thrashed them ##-## with a superior try count of four to two in wintry gloucester on saturday .
the israeli army pulled out of this west bank town overnight saturday under a hail of stones and jeers from the local population , witnesses reported .
hospitalized pop icon michael jackson is `` alert , '' but is still being fed intravenously and must stay in intensive care for several more days , a hospital spokesman said saturday .
pakistan , determined not to repeat their first innings collapse , had played themselves into a strong position against new zealand at lunch on the third day of the one-off test match here .
warren moon threw for ### yards and two touchdowns here saturday , leading minnesota past cleveland ##-## to keep alive the vikings ' national football league playoff hopes .
hundreds of heavily armed police commandos sunday launched fresh operations against tamil tiger guerrillas in eastern sri lanka , officials here said .
a court here early sunday sentenced a ukrainian cargo ship captain and his second in command to life in prison for having ordered the deaths of eight african stowaways aboard the mc ruby in #### .
ijaz ahmed scored his fourth test century in the one-off test match against new zealand at lancaster park here sunday but his team lost valuable wickets in the second innings between lunch and tea .
a court here early sunday sentenced a ukrainian cargo ship captain and his second in command to life in prison for having ordered the deaths of eight african stowaways aboard the mc ruby in #### .
two current cabinet members are among ## candidates who allegedly received illegal campaign donations from banco economico in brazil 's #### elections , press reports said saturday .
seven chilean miners were killed and ## injured near the el abra copper mine in northern chile when two buses collided following a labor protest .
a court here early sunday sentenced a ukrainian cargo ship captain and his second in command to life in prison for having ordered the deaths of eight african stowaways aboard the mc ruby in #### .
opener michael slater surged past the previous highest test score at the waca ground as australia moved towards a mammoth total in the first cricket test against sri lanka here sunday .
scorecard at lunch on the third day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at waca ground here sunday .
defiant ex-president chun doo-hwan entered his eighth day on hunger strike in prison sunday as prosecutors probing his #### coup questioned former army colleagues over the putsch .
poland is to write off half of vietnam 's debts with it and has worked out innovative ways of dealing with the remainder after a visit here by deputy prime minister grzegorz kolodko , reports said sunday .
sri lanka 's minuscule air force , which has a poor record of losing six aircraft together with ### passengers and crew within a seven-month period this year , sunday announced it won a `` quality award .
pakistan held an overall lead of ### runs with three wickets in hand at the end of the third day of their one-off test match against new zealand at lancaster park here sunday .
jailed ex-president roh tae-woo fired a south korean air force chief in #### because he opposed a controversial military deal to buy f-## jet fighters from us firm general dynamics , prosecutors said sunday .
hundreds of heavily armed police commandos sunday fanned out from their camps in eastern sri lanka to launch fresh operations against tamil tiger guerrillas , officials here said .
up to three tonnes of sodium leaked from the cooling system of japan 's first fast-breeder reactor in an accident which has sparked major concern in the country , officials said sunday .
seventeen people were arrested in a raid on a suspected moslem extremist hideout here , as police in the southern philippines went on alert for another possible attack by moslem terrorists , officials said sunday .
afghan government jets have bombed a major taliban stronghold outside of the besieged capital kabul , killing ## of the islamic warriors , the defense ministry said sunday .
top officials of indian blue-chip firm itc ltd. , whose interests range from tobacco to hotels , began a meeting here sunday to choose a successor to chairman krishan lal <unk> , who steps down this month .
elegant middle-order batsman mark waugh <unk> up another test century as australia continued to wallop the sri lankan attack in the first cricket test here sunday .
scorecard at tea sunday on the third day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here .
iran has ordered the expulsion of a jordanian diplomat after the first secretary at the iranian embassy in jordan was told to leave the country , the official agency irna reported .
australian golfer peter o'malley , the overnight leader , won the ###,###-us-dollar new zealand open golf tournament at the grange course here sunday .
a civilian plane from bahrain landed at the <unk> airport here on sunday following a bomb alert , the official agency irna said .
vietnam on sunday showed off its largest-ever construction project , the hoa binh dam , to cuban leader fidel castro , who bemoaned his own country 's energy problems .
three norwegian soldiers serving with the un observer force in southern lebanon were wounded sunday when they were hit by israeli artillery fire , israeli military officials said .
a plane from the united arab emirates carrying ### passengers and crew landed here sunday following a bomb alert , a civil aviation authority official said .
yemeni president ali abdallah saleh 's ruling party on sunday accused a resigning islamic fundamentalist minister of having used his position to supply food to his party 's supporters .
tanzanian president benjamin mkapa arrives here on monday for a two - day official visit to kenya , the official kenya news agency -lrb- kna -rrb- announced sunday .
elite police commandos backed by the air force and army troops fanned out in eastern sri lanka sunday on a search-and-destroy mission against tamil guerrilla jungle bases , officials here said .
police on sunday questioned ## east timor independence supporters after they ended a three-day sit-in at the dutch embassy having again turned the international spotlight on the troubled territory .
israeli forces wounded three norwegian peacekeeping soldiers in southern lebanon on sunday in a fragmentation bomb attack outlawed under international conventions , un observers charged .
us company wisconsin central transport corporation has taken over running a train reserved for the british royal family , as part of controversial british rail privatisation , a rail spokesman announced sunday .
jailed ex-president roh tae-woo fired a south korean air force chief in #### because he opposed a controversial military deal to buy f-## jet fighters from us firm general dynamics , prosecutors said sunday .
iran is ready to fight an `` ##-year war '' to defend three disputed islands in the gulf , the deputy commander of the navy said in an interview published sunday .
a philippines film telling the story of a filipina maid who was hanged in march for a double murder in singapore has won the golden pyramid award at an international film festival here .
ukrainians went to the polls sunday to elect candidates to ## empty parliamentary seats in a vote that could tip the balance of power in parliament between reformers and leftists .
the german federal prosecutor 's office in karlsruhe said sunday that it was opening an investigation against iranian security minister ali fallahian for alleged involvement in murder .
rain robbed new south wales of victory over west indies on a rain-hit final day of their first class match here sunday .
scorecard on the final day in the cricket tour match between new south wales and west indies here sunday .
international observers criticised sunday the first round of parliamentary elections held in kazakhstan , saying they had been frequently barred from entering polling booths .
libya on sunday denied that a senior iranian envoy had visited the country to discuss with the head of the palestinian militant group islamic jihad a plan to assassinate plo leader yasser arafat .
a russian deputy set to stand in december ## parliamentary elections died following a car crash in saint petersburg , the itar-tass news agency said sunday .
the german federal prosecutor 's office in karlsruhe , southwest germany , said sunday it was opening an investigation against iranian security minister ali fallahian for alleged involvement in murder .
a court here early sunday sentenced a ukrainian cargo ship captain and his second in command to life in prison for having ordered the deaths of eight african stowaways aboard the mc ruby in #### .
scorecard at stumps sunday on the third day of the first cricket test between australia and sri lanka at the waca ground here .
sri lanka face a massive task to save the first cricket test against australia at the waca ground here .
public transport in france was at a standstill sunday as strikes over a controversial welfare reform plan continued to cripple the country with no immediate prospect of a solution .
the radical democratic front for the liberation of palestine -lrb- dflp -rrb- has called for a boycott of historic palestinian elections due on january ## , the official syrian news agency sana has said .
sudan plans to deport immediately a number of ethiopians presently in detention for political and security reasons , it was reported sunday .
an islamic party which includes former members of the militant hamas is to participate in the first palestinian general elections on january ## , officials said sunday .
two people were killed and another injured in a grenade attack at a hospital clinic after a week of ethnic unrest which ended in a huge rally for peace , sources here said .
government troops are to be dispatched to contain a battle between rival moslem insurgent groups , the military said here , as police rounded up suspects of an extremist group during a raid on a safehouse in manila .
an official fund created by the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- four years ago to encourage local weddings is seeking more funds to face a surge in demand , newspapers reported on sunday .
israeli forces wounded three norwegian peacekeeping soldiers in southern lebanon on sunday in a cluster bomb attack outlawed under international conventions , un observers charged .
israel formally authorized on sunday another #,### palestinians workers to enter its territory , a military spokesman said .
the bosnian serb parliament will insist political leader radovan karadzic be present to sign the dayton peace accord in paris this week , speaker momcilo krajisnik said .
palestinians threw a grenade on sunday at israeli police headquarters in ramallah on the west bank but the explosion caused no injuries , palestinian sources said .
ten jordanian trade unions on sunday called for the release of a moslem fundamentalist leader arrested for insulting king hussein and his peace policies with israel .
israeli forces wounded three norwegian peacekeeping soldiers in south lebanon on sunday in a cluster bomb attack outlawed under international conventions , un officials said .
jordan has struck a deal to buy #.# million tonnes of oil from iraq next year to cover all its energy needs , jordanian energy minister samih darwazeh said sunday .
a plane from the united arab emirates carrying ### passengers and crew made an emergency landing here sunday because of a bomb scare sparked by a bag full of newspapers .
iran has turned down an offer from azerbaijan to play a major role in developing an off-shore oil field in the caspian sea , a senior official said sunday .
scores at the completion of the england innings in the one-day tour match against boland here sunday .
a first contingent of ## palestinian police arrived here sunday to prepare for the partial withdrawal of the israeli army from this southern west bank town .
the bosnian serb authorities had yet to respond by mid-day sunday -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- to france 's ultimatum to provide information by sunday on two french air force pilots shot down over bosnia in august .
british scientist joseph rotblat and the anti-nuclear pugwash movement he founded were awarded the nobel peace prize at a ceremony here sunday .
nine out of ## greeks wants their ailing prime minister , andreas papandreou , to resign , according to a public opinion poll in sunday 's eleftherotypia newspaper .
a group of ## bi-partisan us congressmen met senior bosnian government leaders sunday to seek reassurances on the safety of american troops due to implement the dayton peace accord in bosnia .
cuban president fidel castro arrived here sunday to witness the fruits of almost a decade of private enterprise under vietnam 's communist regime .
portuguese foreign minister jaime gama launched a veiled attack on the dutch government , as indonesian police sunday questioned ## east timor campaigners who had occupied the dutch embassy in jakarta .
qatar has broken with regional tradition by openly criticizing its gulf arab partners , the united states and the united nations , and by dropping any pretense that ties are completely harmonious .
at least six people were killed in karachi and five banks were set on fire in hyderabad sunday , amid a general strike called by opposition mohajir qaumi movement -lrb- mqm -rrb- , residents and police said .
lebanese soldiers raided a seafront red-light district north of beirut and arrested ## people suspected of involvement in prostitution and drug trafficking , the army said in a statement on sunday .
indian blue-chip firm itc ltd. , whose interests range from tobacco to hotels , on sunday nominated vice-chairman yogi <unk> as the company 's next chief , a company spokesman said here .
a top aide of detained opposition leader chief moshood abiola , has been released from prison , one of his close colleagues told afp sunday here .
iran called sunday for long-term oil cooperation between the five countries bordering the caspian sea or risk instability in the region .
fifa president joao havelange denied here on sunday the acceptance of uefa 's proposals for world cup qualifying in europe was a political failure by the world governing body .
fifty-eight protestors were released late sunday from police custody after being questioned about breaking into the dutch embassy on thursday .
moslem militant gunmen killed two civilians and wounded two others in separate attacks in troubled southern egypt on sunday , police said .
a senior iranian official on sunday accused the islamic fundamentalist taliban militia which controls half of afghanistan of drug smuggling .
saudi arabia on sunday named abdullah ibn saleh <unk> new president of its oil giant aramco , the official saudi press agency said .
the director of the kuwait investment authority -lrb- kia -rrb- , which manages the government 's overseas funds , has resigned , finance minister nasser al-rudhan said in remarks published sunday .
the first us marines to arrive in bosnia flew into the bosnian capital sunday on a us air force c-## transport plane .
french prime minister alain juppe , who triggered a public sector strike when he announced plans to reform the debt-ridden welfare system , met several of his ministers here sunday to assess the social unrest in the country .
some #.# million of iran 's ## to ## million inhabitants are illiterate but the figures are falling , according to official statistics published sunday .
the french company aeroports de paris has signed a contract worth almost #.# million dollars to oversee construction of a new airport here , officials said sunday .
fifa expect revenue for the #### world cup finals to be around ### million swiss francs -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , instead of ### million swiss francs -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- earned at the #### finals in the usa , general secretary sepp blatter revealed here on sunday .
fifty-eight protestors were released late sunday from police custody after being questioned about breaking into the dutch embassy on thursday , police said .
egypt 's top administrative court sunday postponed until december ## a ruling on whether to cancel vote results in almost a quarter of seats won in the newly-elected parliament because of alleged fraud .
the jebel ali free zone opened its gates to ### new foreign firms this year , bringing the total number here to ### since it was created ## years ago , its director said sunday .
dozens of militant jewish settlers protested on sunday against the arrival of the first palestinian police to the volatile west bank town of hebron .
the first us marines to arrive in bosnia-hercegovina flew into sarajevo sunday on a us air force c-## transport plane .
french prime minister alain juppe , who triggered a public sector strike when he announced plans to reform the debt-ridden welfare system , met several of his ministers here sunday to assess the social unrest in the country .
britain 's home secretary said sunday he was considering tougher measures to counter <unk> , following a series of knife - attacks , including the stabbing of a london <unk> .
tulkarm , handed over by israeli forces to the palestinians on sunday , is an agricultural town tucked up against israeli territory where many residents have traditionally traveled each day to work .
bosnian serb authorities were under mounting international pressure to respond to a french deadline of late sunday for news of two pilots shot down over bosnia three months ago .
france 's crippling public sector strike is having a positive effect on german industry , director of the franco-german chamber of commerce cornel <unk> said in an interview sunday .
pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto on sunday formally invited the main opposition party to hold talks with her government on constitutional reforms , reports said .
five police and five civilians were slightly injured overnight when police forces and ## youths clashed in the belfast suburb of <unk> , a royal ulster constabulary spokesman said .
british scientist joseph rotblat and the anti-nuclear pugwash movement he heads were awarded the nobel peace prize at a ceremony in the norwegian capital sunday .
five police and five civilians were slightly injured overnight when police forces and ## youths clashed in the belfast suburb of <unk> , a royal ulster constabulary spokesman said sunday .
ibf officials gave south african heavyweight francois botha a unanimous points win over germany 's axel schultz for the vacant world heavyweight title fight here sunday .
human rights and minority groups in nigeria declared sunday , un human rights day , a day of mourning for ken saro-wiwa and his eight executed companions .
the western european union will conduct phase one of its first crisis management exercise later this month , it announced in a communique sunday .
six months after considering quitting the sport atle skaardal lead norway to a convincing one-two when he won the super-g world cup race here on sunday .
british scientist joseph rotblat was formally awarded the #### nobel peace prize sunday and immediately appealed for a world free of nuclear weapons and an end to war .
julio anguita on sunday was re-elected secretary-general of the spanish communist party at a congress that pledged `` support and solidarity '' to striking public-sector workers in france .
scores at end of the one-day tour match between boland and england here sunday .
begging can bring its rewards in jordan , where unemployment is running at around ## percent and the average monthly salary is no more than ### dinars -lrb- ### dollars -rrb- .
president fernando henrique cardoso departed sunday on an international swing scheduled to take him to china , macau , malaysia and spain , officials said .
israeli forces wounded three norwegian un peacekeepers in south lebanon on sunday in a cluster bomb attack outlawed under international conventions , un officials said .
turkey 's biggest trade confederation turk-is on sunday re-elected veteran unionist <unk> meral , who led this year 's mass strikes , as its chairman .
israel has sent agents from its internal security service shin beth to cairo for the first time to search passengers on el al flights amid fears of hijack attempts , an egyptian weekly reported sunday .
french cosmetics giant l'oreal will buy maybelline inc. in a ### million dollar deal , according to a maybelline news release issued sunday .
kenya 's daniel <unk> saw off double european champion paulo guerra to win an international cross-country event here on sunday .
a group of ## bi-partisan us congressmen met senior bosnian government leaders sunday to seek reassurances on the safety of american troops due to implement the dayton peace accord in bosnia .
goran ivanisevic of croatia slammed down ## aces to blast his way to a #-# , #-# , #-# win over american todd martin in the final of the lucrative grand slam cup here sunday .
norway 's defense authorities will ease restrictions for allied visits in the northermost county of <unk> bordering on russia , a military spokesman announced .
the rwanda war crimes tribunal is to make its first indictments on tuesday , clerk <unk> <unk> said here at the tribunal 's headquarters .
when president bill clinton heads to paris this week for the bosnia peace pact signing , he carries the torch for a country he is trying to shape as the leading peacemaker in the post cold-war era .
british scientist joseph rotblat was formally awarded the #### nobel peace prize sunday and immediately appealed for a world free of nuclear weapons and an end to war .
israel 's armed forces chief general amnon shahak stressed on sunday the strategic war-time value of the annexed golan heights which syria wants returned in full as the price for a peace deal .
un secretary-general boutros boutros-ghali was due sunday evening to meet iraq 's deputy premier , tareq aziz , to discuss a un resolution allowing baghdad to sell oil to buy food and medicine , the united nations said here .
an arab human rights group called for the authorities to explain the disappearance of libyan opposition figure mansur <unk> who was last seen in the egyptian capital exactly two years ago on sunday .
us vice president al gore deplored sunday the bosnian croat scorched - earth campaign across western bosnia but said that it was `` unrealistic '' to expect calm to be fully restored this soon to bosnia .
norway 's far-right progressive party has risen in weekend polls to become the country 's second largest opposition party .
british scientist joseph rotblat was formally awarded the #### nobel peace prize sunday and immediately appealed for a world free of nuclear weapons and an end to war .
authorities in caracas were investigating a long-distance phone impostor who has been claiming to be president rafael caldera and dialing world leaders in britain , italy and the united states .
a surge in kidnappings and extorsion by leftist rebels has prompted colombia 's government to create a new ##,###-troop anti-insurgent front , its new commander said sunday .
the first two trains carrying nato military equipment for the bosnia peace implementation force entered hungary on sunday , a border guard spokesman said .
the us embassy in riyadh has received `` unconfirmed information '' that bomb attacks may be planned against western interests in saudi arabia , the state department has said .
germany and poland opened a joint youth center in the northeastern town of olsztyn on sunday aimed at bringing young people from the two countries closer together after decades of often strained relations .
the queen elizabeth ii has canceled a scheduled stopover in the french channel port of le havre tuesday as france continues to be hit by crippling strikes , the tourist office said here sunday .
formula one team williams declared on sunday that it was too soon to comment on claims that ayrton senna 's death was caused by a faulty steering rod .
the us embassy in riyadh has received `` unconfirmed information '' that bomb attacks may be planned against western interests in saudi arabia , the state department has said .
nearly ### people protested against french and chinese nuclear tests on the sidelines of nobel peace prize ceremonies here sunday .
french prime minister alain juppe said sunday he would meet with labor union leaders monday in a bid to defuse a crippling ##-day strike .
fifa , world football 's governing body , confirmed on sunday the following qualifying procedures submitted by the six continental confederations for the #### world cup finals in france for which the full draw will be made on tuesday .
unidentified assailants opened fire at an office of turkey 's ruling true path party in istanbul late sunday , killing one person and injuring six people , police said .
a maori tribe has warned the owners of a replica of the sailing ship sailed by captain james cook to stay out of their waters , the new zealand herald reported monday .
a former secretary general of the banned moslem brotherhood has returned home under an amnesty after ## years of exile , syrian officials said sunday .
prime minister alain juppe offered to meet with union leaders monday and made a key concession on pension rights to railway workers who have led strikes that have crippled much of france for ## days .
prime minister alain juppe offered sunday to meet with labor union leaders and made a key concession over pension rights to railway workers leading a strike that has crippled much of france for ## days .
russian deputy foreign minister sergei <unk> arrived here sunday offering to help efforts to find a settlement between the greek and turkish-cypriot communities on this divided island .